mooresville police said allmendinger failed a field sobriety test after he was pulled over .
candidate presentations , as early as this month , will be held in public .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.12 gmt on tuesday 5 january 2010 .
27 ( upi ) -- new map of antarctica is published washington , nov .
3.11pm no chances at the reebok yet where aston villa are bossing the game .
her lawyer was permitted to attend , but had declined to discuss any details .
young actor tahar rahim , playing his first feature , delivers a star performance .
now the american is looking forward to some well-earned time away from the slopes .
transcendent silence comes in many colours--and little of it is exactly silent .
buoyed by his poll ratings , supporters urged brown to call an early election .
still out here on the real streets , the empirical evidence leads to doubt .
still , social media for social good is becoming more effective with each crisis .
measurement test time varies from 5 to 14 seconds depending on individual measuring methods .
lobo has not spoken out on the issue but says he seeks national reconciliation .
" all sports have the potential for accidents and have risk attached to them .
an excellent leader , which surely only the chronically ill-disposed could find fault with .
southampton manager george burley and former derby boss billy davies are also being considered .
the 16-employee firm is the second he has launched with help from the center .
the government also wants an anti-abduction pact with the 32 state governments and businessmen .
cardiff striker jay bothroyd has declared himself fit for sunday 's match against newcastle .
i 'll concede that mr. horowitz has a few nifty tricks up his sleeve .
it 's wonderful , " she said , squeezing her 29-year-old partner 's hand .
investments in upstream operations for 2010 are targeted at more than $ 3.3 billion .
michael holroyd : might it be possible to overestimate the wisdom of roy jenkins ?
the amount of money loaned was down for the third month running in november .
substitutes not used : zuberbuhler ( gk ) , seol , smalling , dikgacoi .
advisory board of the john burton foundation for children without homes. obstruction charges .
the economists in our survey favor obama on 11 of the top 13 issues .
such recalls usually apply to quick fixes for accessories or non-essential pieces of equipment .
but thousands of same-sex couples are expected to tie the knot over the summer .
indeed , obama gets more coverage but it is negative most of the time .
the head teacher has previously said he believed he deserved to get the bonus .
doctors worry most about a high temperature because this can lead to premature delivery .
a grocery store was filled with people buying everything from instant noodles to beer .
new jobs could also include the expansion of recycling and making environmentally friendly vehicles .
but student leaders said the figures represented a real-term cut in money for universities .
the pin on the dogleg hole was back right and guarded by a pond .
the sunday times secured a clutch of nominations for its features sections and supplements .
there was a disconnection between reality and how i had imagined pregnancy would be .
" you are in france now , " he said , in perfect english .
the cpsc said a boy nearly two years old " swallowed several dozen beads .
councillors have voted in favour of controversial plans to close a west yorkshire school .
and that 's what vista lacks : a compelling reason for you to upgrade .
moreover , cutting prices for consumers would put pressure on its rates for businesses .
natural gas for november delivery was steady at $ 6.77 per 1,000 cubic feet .
he 's just waiting in one of our holding cells , " he said .
the ecuadorean boys were found hiding in a nearby abandoned house , residents said .
shares of gm fell 6 percent , or 8 cents , to $ 1.25 .
without him to talk to , it seemed as if i was completely alone .
people were running , bleeding , screaming for medics , said hagerman , 27 .
police detained the assailant after both incidents and then released him after fining him .
it 's not just a shop window deal - it 's a great deal .
winfield house , the official residence of the u.s. ambassador to the united kingdom .
james answered with two free throws , but turkoglu tied it with a three-pointer .
before that , huge lines would form easter sunday and into the next morning .
the fearsome twosome are hitting a combined .393 in the postseason with seven homers .
houston ( ap ) - " what do you want me to do ? "
it is knackering , but it 's good fun , " said laura robertson .
everywhere we looked , rice farmers plodded behind water buffaloes in the lush paddies .
if the structured debt is worth nothing , then what is the insurance worth ?
but his store , vg racing , was soon broadsided by the sour economy .
torrance , calif . , march 16 ( upi ) -- honda motors co .
the closing for the 5-bedroom , 5 1 / 2-bath home was on oct .
but it also left investors scrambling to decipher the implications of the surprise announcement .
shares in the company rose 2 ¾ to 299 ¾ p in lunchtime trading .
" i would love to play with one of them ( the bryans ) .
his lawyer , rudolf mayer , has said he is preparing an insanity defense .
could that mean a lot of problems in the white house if they disagree ?
the college has set a goal of becoming " climate neutral " by 2015 .
sometimes it goes along fine ; other times , there 's absolutely no signal .
arizona is one of the 35 states that has its own death penalty statute .
" it passed all the inspections that current regulations require , " salido said .
if you don 't what like you read here , just take another huff .
but the now aging shuihong-5 was not a resounding success , analysts have argued .
for its part , the business community is increasingly facing up to its responsibilities .
cheshire police said the girl sustained serious crush injuries to her pelvis and legs .
will they be able to get beyond mr. salama 's name to his songs ?
it 's never easy to win a tournament , " said the second-seeded gilles .
beckham 's uk spokesman confirmed the family lived there when he was a baby .
some programs were funded and then expired before a single family could be helped .
the nine republican presidential candidates mostly avoided attacking each other during wednesday 's debate .
and for an overweight woman , weight gain should actually be -- zero pounds .
even excluding the effects of the hurricanes , jobless claims remain at elevated levels .
the united states had just voted through another $ 12 million in military aid .
it 's a quiet saturday afternoon at a plush apartment block in west london .
south korean commercial airlines korean air and asiana airlines have rerouted flights out o ...
overall , the longest wait recorded by each trust averaged out at seven months .
he remembers charles telling him to kill alex , and spending time with her .
robert used this ascent to promote greater awareness and international action on global warming .
this is dangerous , leading to a one-sided , triumphalist portrayal of the war .
the editorial offices and the printing house are surrounded by a concrete anti-blast wall .
they are considering reviving a lawsuit against the town and police chief mark peltack .
instead , they 're keeping the heat on and dreaming big -- very big .
you must be focused and concentrated and attentive in what you 're doing . "
wolverhampton wanderers have signed kevin doyle from reading for a club-record £ 6.5 million .
the expert panel : re would you take your lover for valentine 's day ?
whether a hicks buyout could resurrect the barry deal , however , is questionable .
" when something like that comes in it 's all hands to the pump .
that is the problem is that we keep buy stuff we do not need .
on the council she staunchly opposed the wearing of the veil by female students .
( the splc doesn 't measure the number of members in the groups ) .
that 's how out of touch and far to the left these people are .
the fights devolved into the realm of the strangely humorous with each subsequent round .
he cannot dismiss words said by his pastor of 20 years like that .
computer forensics found videos , photos and messages between the two , edwards said .
in addition , they want to talk about the process for identifying refereeing talent .
millsap 's injury occurred last friday when the los angeles lakers eliminated the jazz .
i owe it as a human who 's sober to say something to them .
and you , joe , can slap at them and feel good about that .
you may need to face the possibility that a loan modification may not help .
" everybody at the school knows how good he is , " he added .
provident financial has also has overhauled lending policies in light of the economic downturn .
as far as i am concerned it cannot pass into history soon enough .
" i screwed up in not recognizing the perception , " he told cbs .
finn likes to rock , but he also keeps healthy as a dedicated runner .
it is also illegal to sell , exchange or advertise for sale such dogs .
but , you may say , what about the woman in one 's life ?
their circle included henry moore , barbara hepworth , ben nicholson and oskar kokoschka .
people in glasgow are to be charged 20p to use new 24-hour automated toilets .
dmytro tabachnyk , a historian and opposition lawmaker , thinks the notion is absurd .
any restraint on that is a restraint on growth the economy can ill afford .
some airlines have implemented customer commitments in recent years to try to appease passengers .
he also discovered the principal mechanism by which it takes place : natural selection .
" regrettably , antimatter is not a panacea for ' saving the planet ' .
i am opposed to the death penalty until it touches one of my own .
the standard & poor 's 500 rose 0.4 percent , 4.43 , to 1,111.18 .
vote-buying allegations , mudslinging , dirty tricks--the asian election had it all .
when he was 19 , jean told his father that he was a homosexual .
on the other hand , he enjoys the time he spends with his family .
other commissioners wondered why a levee couldn 't be built on the river bank .
although a promise is only a promise , the museum was taken by surprise .
despite this the school has decided not to discuss the issue with parents beforehand .
in the morning , the first family will host the annual easter egg roll .
in its first three games , roma has scored seven goals and allowed none .
bromwich is director of the bureau of ocean energy management , regulation and enforcement .
withdrawals made between october 1 and october 31 2009 will not incur a charge .
i think that comes across on television , although the editing doesn 't help .
bridget durnford 's editing is fast-paced and therefore integral to the story 's spirit .
this should be a lesson to all , shoot a cop and be shot !
but they must be purified , along with all of your garments , first .
campaigner carol maddocks said it was " fantastic news ... the best present . "
scenically , it was the highlight of our trip , well worth the climb .
did he need to see himself as an amalgam of van meegeren and vermeer ?
" that 's why we 're here , " someone yelled from the kitchen .
zeiger paints the typical scenario in which digital health records could come in handy .
he had praise too for the former work and pensions secretary , mr purnell .
lee sees a trend in the growing number of young urban women enjoying wine .
21 -- colfax avenue is often described as one of america 's wickedest streets .
to them , it was no mystery why ramírez has been embraced so enthusiastically .
one thing for sure , the next game is going to be very interesting .
and he was in a number of first-rate and even a few great movies .
salomon kalou has an ankle problem and michael ballack and juliano belletti are unwell .
we are looking into them , " state department spokesman ian kelly told reporters .
we 've got to be wary of them as they have some clever players .
low , medium and high-energy x-rays are colored red , green and blue respectively .
the federal government declared a public health emergency sunday to respond to the outbreak .
however , at seven times earnings , neither can they be deemed too steep .
at over 6ft 8in tall , he is also a keen amateur basketball player .
he added that clinton has frequently adopted obama 's language for her own speeches .
chief executive mark crosier confirmed the administrators were called in by its secured creditors .
the cable channel will count down its list in series of shows starting monday .
all three doctors deny the charges of serious professional misconduct relating to their research .
honda has set a goal of selling at least 4.5 million cars in 2010 .
verdict reached in pregnant woman 's slaying campus shootings : why do they happen ?
wales rallied but ryan jones knocked on and roberts was pinged for hanging on .
may be he will get another brilliant idea - what to do with afghanistan ?
no dissent is needed or will be tolerated - only a racist could disagree .
in 2008 , dunkin ' donuts ' global system-wide sales were $ 5.5 billion .
the baby boom generation belongs to that post-world war ii spike in the birthrate .
meanwhile , the family has flown prince 's body back to ireland for burial .
if only his new york knicks did a little more defending against dirk nowitzki .
york , on wednesday , may 21st , 2008 at 1 : 45 p.m.
acord also enjoyed fishing with his two sons , 24-year-old cody and 19-year-old casey .
my child lived to be 24 but he left a wife and three children .
wamu 's long-term debt is now rated " baa2 " from " a3 . "
unfortunately , many resource-poor societies around the world still lag behind in this arena .
the late rep. john murtha had represented pennsylvania 's 12th congressional district since 1974 .
i will continue washing my hands and sanitizing when i feel like doing so .
" transplants should not be a privilege for the rich , " he said .
" break them down , " says standolyn robertson , a personal organisation expert .
today , wyndham discloses all fees nationwide and requires online resellers do the same .
but boosting rates too soon to fend off inflation could hurt the fragile economy .
the tablets were wrapped in cling film and tucked away in the instructions manual .
the energy saving trust did a spot the difference test in a shopping centre .
and i don 't know of anyone that has gone to a private hospital .
people respond to artistry , to o 'sullivan 's pursuit of something beyond victory .
the possibility of a delta-northwest deal spawned speculation about all kinds of other combinations .
could you tell me how much you 're paid out of the licence fee ?
as the nhs turns 60 , bbc news is giving it a health check .
the sainted phil simms was nearly booed out of town in the early days .
reigning world champion lewis hamilton picked up three pionts for finishing in sixth place .
lalime had 23 saves and jason pominville scored the only goal for the sabres .
the kidneys filter waste products from the blood and excrete them in the urine .
on her way back to work , she stopped outside spenser 's practice room .
i say to the chinese : ' one day we 'll have this need .
bible illuminated is the latest attempt to bring the bible into the modern world .
the predictive value of the non-human shiv-challenge model is not supported by this experience .
for now , though , mykhailychenko will probably maintain the link with the past .
their hair was like the hair of a youngster with a short hair cut .
several congregants were inside the now-defunct church but no one seemed to know anything .
he had an appointment to replace his temporary green card with a permanent one .
award-winning comedians noel fielding and julian barratt are currently working on a debut album .
department chief ed young attributes the spike to increased police presence on the crime .
the gabon striker signed for rangers from lens for £ 1.1m in the summer .
the big man -- and his teammates -- have backed up his big talk .
" mr ivey threatened miles and had sent him media phone messages showing weapons .
5 december 2007 john darwin is arrested by cleveland police on suspicion of fraud .
at the same time , it 's hard to feel sympathy for the administration .
he always kept to himself when there 's strangers around , " caron said .
some documents refer to a greek shipowner who placed $ 26.5m into a trust .
this helped to shape the tolerance and open-mindedness for which he would become renowned .
there are no data on how many of those homeowners have fallen behind again .
that means the market is likely to remain vulnerable as economic data is released .
over time they prove to be " very good investments , " he said .
they initially laughed , reminding me that smarts are built expressly for urban commuting .
the campaign ran between 10-24 september , and most of those caught were drivers .
the farmer who owns the cave is a master at hurdling the language barrier .
but because the texas legislature created each one , only lawmakers can close them .
a second team in hawaii snaps photos of three planets orbiting a young star .
the party will seek a third consecutive term in an election due by mid-2011 .
cnn : who would you want to be responsible for managing the collected taxes ?
there was no respite for england 's bowlers yesterday and no real improvement either .
an otter has been caught on camera in the heart of a devon city .
am i obligated to tell my landlord when my boyfriend moves in with me ?
and if you do go home , don 't lock up the drinks cabinet .
a police spokesperson said two men were arrested close by a short time later .
a period of silence before kick-off was followed by uproar as uruguay charged forward .
ms. pelosi also comes from a political family , which suggests another good qualification .
january natural gas futures rose 6.5 cents to $ 7.10 per 1,000 cubic feet .
leaving aside glam rock , the best all-around garden choice is usually pea gravel .
chinese officials have denied it can happen here , but dai qing is unconvinced .
using life drawing as the subject of a television show is a fantastic idea .
if that happens , it is unlikely he would face any charges at all .
he told terra : " not only real madrid have asked me about maicon .
the nationals were one out from the victory , ahead 2-1 in the ninth .
you know , we 're just dust in the wind , after all . "
beyond the sixth grade the school is permitted to teach some subjects in english .
parallel stripes made sense on 1950s cunningham racers , instantly identifying them to spectators .
it all gives a bad name for the phase " smoke and mirrors . "
in this case , a faster-than-light current would pass through certain rapidly spinning stars .
i can 't be sure : it 's what you call a known unknown .
in effect she was robbed of the climax of an extraordinarily distinguished performing career .
palisson , who has five caps , was preferred to clermont 's julien malzieu .
stalking the touchline like a surly teenager , roy keane cut a man becalmed .
( don 't feel bad , most people never noticed it before now . )
" the american people want us to get this done , " casey said .
all the victims were between 15 and 20 years old , the army said .
my grandfather gave me two crofts with a total area of about 8.5 hectares .
89 min another fiorentina substitution : lorenzo de silvestri replaces the excellent marco marchionni .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.54 bst on monday 19 october 2009 .
king : but you 're approaching it -- magazines , shows , specials . ...
conservative officials said that they were relishing the chance to win back the constituency .
he believes the costs are incalculable and likely to soar ahead of any projections .
in the 1980s tee and earl recorded an album together , brothers for life .
he agreed , and said that was true for virtually every financial executive there .
the area surrounding it is home to wildlife ranging from peregrine falcons to seals .
mr. jeffs 's brother tried to engage him in further conversation , without luck .
velvet whips , leather hoods , six-inch stiletto heels , that kind of thing .
" scots expected justice from labour " - that was your first mistake peter ...
they spoke on the condition of anonymity because the plan has not been unveiled .
just a year ago , security was cited as the biggest reason for optimism .
" it depends on the individual minister in charge , " mrs miller said .
more than one million fans applied for tickets which sold out in 38 seconds .
watch the story on " primetime : medical mysteries " wednesday at 10 p.m.
and last week the garrison city of rawalpindi was dropped as a trophy venue .
the accident occurred about 0530 gmt on friday about a mile south of birdworld .
in their view , he was overthrown only when he was no longer useful .
given 's intention to leave newcastle first became obvious on january 2 , 2009 .
" i was climbing to the upper deck when something jolted the boat hard .
" we took samples at the pumping station and at the water purification factory .
even the exhibition title - roni horn aka roni horn - is at it .
finding money is not a crime , but there are rules about its importation .
the stock market 's dramatic rise is not only making bankers and traders giddy .
she said the blast was being treated as arson with intent to endanger life .
but seriously , folks , sarah palin 's bus tour is really taking off .
virgin mobile has been a relative success , but has problems of its own .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.55 gmt on friday 4 december 2009 .
" but we are all in shock because it 's an act of war .
but that only is true if drug prices fall , law and colleagues said .
her return followed a deal with pakistan 's military ruler , president pervez musharraf .
yankees manager joe girardi " puts people first , " a team spokesman says .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.09 gmt on tuesday 10 november 2009 .
three others had one hit for the orioles , whose four-game winning streak ended .
last week , the farmers ceased their second round of strikes to resume negotiating .
enrich your mind with a selection of the latest fiction and non fiction books .
the question now is whether south africa can put on a successful world cup .
the six were accused of being members of a rebel group , he said .
melbourne , australia -- what was the oddest sight sunday at the australian open ?
but , he said , the services have to do more marketing and recruiting .
" there is much yet to be learned , " he told bbc news .
its global sales of automotive chips were at 150 billion yen last business year .
but he used strong language to indicate how seriously the country takes that issue .
it certainly would be an interesting case to hear as a juror or observer .
the us government 's labor department report on december employment is set for friday .
gregg also expressed concerns and suggested obama was " nixifying " the white house .
as they near the moon , both spacecraft will enter and maintain separate orbits .
neither wall street nor the new york stock exchange was regulated by the government .
ap aerospace writer marcia dunn contributed to this report from cape canaveral , fla .
" but when i heard someone else read it out it was so harrowing .
healthycal.org is an independent web site created with initial funding from the california endowment .
but you people , who have no money -- you can be happy . '
but if the past is any guide , many will shrug off this episode .
similarly , paul staines has appeared ( admittedly in disguise ) on political programmes .
the result was a surge in share prices that helped the summiteers claim success .
second-half tries from no 8 andy boyde and a penalty try gave doncaster victory .
by resigning quickly , at least mr quick managed not to compound the agony .
s. beverly dr. beverly hills , ca 90210 and can be reached at 310-866-8738 .
he looked puzzled and a little irritated : " no , you 're not .
they learn how to save these animals from their number one predator : humans .
jetblue said thursday it won 't rule out charging for a first checked bag .
then , many health records are not yet ready to be handled this way .
ryan harris claimed two wickets in the morning session to record figures of 4-77 .
reported revenues and gross profit benefited from the weakening of sterling during the year .
the 101-year old landmark is a terminus for 4.1 million amtrak passengers a year .
cooney was taken into custody by a university public safety officer during an exam .
that would perhaps induce the dems and reps to behave in an honest manner .
likewise , if corporal punishment works with some others , use it on them .
the winner , augusta urica , 31 , will get a custom-made artificial limb .
among its offerings are silk-organza napkins designed by kim seybert , with lettuce-like ruffles .
gop excitement was fueled in recent days by the latest polls in the race .
ap : can you really bring bedbugs home from a movie theater or airplane ?
" public enemies " will gross closer to $ 25 million friday through sunday .
the bush administration has resisted democratic proposals to intervene on behalf of distressed homeowners .
a new app lets you print documents from your smartphone to a networked printer .
in villages , hundreds of local aids councils take action in their own ways .
steranka said golf 's game plan was to focus on future generations of players .
dr. thomas hunt , a hand surgeon , performed the operation in alabama wednesday .
why should they feel obliged to reveal their motivations and business arrangements to clients ?
france 's cac-40 was 284.43 points , or 8.3 percent , lower at 3,158.27 .
that 's why internal tanking is often not the best solution for underground rooms .
obama has 61 percent strong approval in this group ; biden , 32 percent .
meanwhile , barack obama said he needed to correct some misconceptions about his background .
earnings excluding items fell to 31 cents from 38 cents , the company said .
when peterson got there , he saw a woman speeding away from the home .
but merritt came over a minute later and said that james wasn 't talking .
los angeles ( ap ) - the king of pop is lightening his load .
rose gentle claims her son would be alive if the device had been fitted .
since mr obama is the public face of power , he gets the blame .
the only thing they should concern themselves with is the legal part of it .
the american worker is not changing this quickly as the world is around us .
but neither arsenal fc nor its architects , allies and morrison , wanted that .
maybe one of those millions will end up starting the next great american company .
the idea that the state or charities can offer a serious alternative is risible .
the company forecast third quarter revenue of $ 1.12 billion to $ 1.19 billion .
nine votes were needed for election ; kuhn received 10 , and miller 3 .
unions generally prefer card checks , which they consider easier to win than elections .
there is something in there that comes out , that is huge mental strength .
murray is not a man to rile , be if with words or actions .
but they could not afford the extra £ 892 and were forced to cancel .
rather , paying by scientific promising ideas saves the most lives in all cancers .
but even on its best days , the market doesn 't listen to reason .
they are however united with iran by their visceral hatred of the united states .
but republicans and democrats have both used it for major bills in the past .
saturday and fired on the parents while they slept , according to the affidavit .
rescuers and bomb experts search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building .
the new entry says the average wage at wal-mart is double the minimum wage .
benjamin defeated the stroke-play medalist and low amateur at last month 's u.s. open .
netherlands international vennegoor of hesselink has been linked with moves back to his homeland .
but williams said the epa wanted them to play down their federal connections further .
the rainfall last month , including july 29 , was 135.7mm ( 5.3in ) .
beijing has accused the exiled tibetan leader of making his visit for political reasons .
they used to call me " battyman , " which means gay in jamaica .
the usa block 's performance was impressive considering the competition on the broadcast networks .
in the case of one , success brought with it something of a nightmare .
cantor and all other republican house members opposed it , as did 11 democrats .
ice-t portrayed the trade-off neatly on the sleeve of his 1993 lp home invasion .
dr. sanjay gupta , cnn senior medical correspondent : how could this have happened ?
they then threatened workers with a handgun and restrained their legs with plastic ties .
" all this beautiful oak , painted pepto-bismol pink , " mr. hermann said .
the fighting now is over what will become the dominant platform for mobile computing .
a white house spokesman , tommy vietor , declined to comment on the situation .
one store owner said it 's hard to say when shipments will be intercepted .
" it 's early days , but i 'm optimistic , " she says .
a san francisco police spokesman said none of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening .
a department spokeswoman declined to comment and es & s could not be reached .
we are dealing with republican fear mongering and corporate greed at it 's worst .
" no thank you , " i said , feeling all proper and law-abiding .
martin jelly , east area commander , said training programmes were already under way .
it isn 't a travesty , considering that hendrix never shied from studio trickery .
the blackberry is available now from more than 300 carriers in about 120 countries .
among those killed were the bride and groom , six children and 16 women .
like the best apple products , the user interface is so natural it disappears .
it was not immediately clear whether ko and brown had connected , she said .
the spokesman said residents living nearby were unlikely to be affected by the smoke .
22 on necker island , sir richard branson 's private island in the caribbean .
too bad you have to be in canada to take advantage of the plan .
each capsule contains 120 milligrams of ginkgo biloba along with zinc and garlic extract .
substitutes not used : hart ( gk ) , elano , fernandes , mcgivern .
a further four patients were found to have abnormal cells which had not spread .
kathleen horan has found an altogether more dignified way to grieve for dead relationships .
julian described it as " an unfiltered opportunity " for public interaction with troops .
the israeli army said it responded with artillery fire because of the rocket attack .
the cnn-opinion research corp. telephone poll was conducted wednesday and thursday with 1,046 adults .
the " family " that did for p is a classic of the genre .
with taylor , you always felt he knew he was out of his depth .
the business of governments has always been to govern , not to act morally .
this is surely one of the highlights of the present west end theatre scene .
' i wish someone would kill her and then there would be no problems .
" india have a strong side and this japanese team has not beaten them .
when he says he needs a break , he 'll be the designated hitter .
mr schwarzenegger has already hinted at the cuts he will propose to the legislature .
professor muzzio said the president can have an impact on tax and spending policy .
you are either , at heart , an analog person or a digital person .
before paloschi 's introduction the european and world club champions looked far from impressive .
he had been missing since he left his apartment close to the school aug .
jashnsaz added that natural gas production had passed 1.7 million cubic feet per day .
he claimed he was left with cuts on his head and a black eye .
corey says only one person was on board when the single-engine cessna 172 crashed .
but for every person who rebuffed him , there were others who opened up .
she looks more like a gamine student than the chief of an industrial giant .
she ended up helping the farmer , who became one of her strongest supporters .
the rules say she has to touch the bags for the homer to count .
he has also worked for the general atomic company , developing civil nuclear plants .
fast-food restaurants typically get almost two-thirds of their business from drive-through or carryout orders .
in a neighbouring block , dozens of actors are being prepared for medical attention .
the bulldogs were 13-of-32 from 3-point range , nine coming from hayward and hahn .
a no contest plea is the legal equivalent of pleading guilty under california law .
but monetary policy is now based on the consumer prices index ( cpi ) .
what ruoff found noteworthy was the defensive commitment both in practice and individual workouts .
" most of the residents are either elderly or disabled , " he said .
after all , hollywood waited several years after vietnam ended before approaching that topic .
in major cities , almost half the population is no longer of european origin .
wish i had thought of that one , what a great and unique idea .
otherwise i fear my children will know only of " community support officers . "
pentagon spokesman confirms " major adjustment " to plans for european missile defense system .
there have since been scattered cases of the illness , but no widespread outbreaks .
but they have vowed to stage fresh protests if their demands were not met .
the live score will be provided by the l.a. ensemble vaca arkestra. www.silentmovietheatre.com.
i 'll skip the boring parts and rewind to watch the good parts again .
susana alves is from portugal , but now runs a café in great yarmouth .
i passed uhuru park and saw that it was closed off by the paramilitary .
there is no agreement yet about the overall amount of money to be disbursed .
jim yardley , times china correspondent , thanks so much for speaking with us .
cle _ cribbs 76 punt return ( dawson kick ) , 1 : 37 .
does the phrase " squirm your way out of it " come to mind ?
it was striking that the computer actually selected this protein , " long said .
" for now we just want to bring her home , " she said .
emerging from the water , she climbs up to the springboard and dives again .
i also apologise to all of those who feel i have let them down .
we hope to be [ at the top of the table in may ] .
another 15 prison guards were also lightly injured , one of whom was hospitalized .
so don 't expect small start-ups to become the next big thing right away .
koretz said he did not know that jamison executives had given to his campaign .
we had a three-bedroom house in penrhys and i thought it was absolutely marvellous .
wheelchairs , walkers , artificial limbs and other such medical equipment rose 2.3 percent .
lange got her first part as dwan in the 1976 remake of king kong .
he issued citations on friday accusing both companies of violating federal workplace safety standards .
winter weather can make it more difficult to see clearly when you are driving .
" mike is around and out running with us , " ryan said wednesday .
wave , tidal and solar power , though , are currently far more expensive .
it is clear that the senate bill would pass the house with bipartisan support .
do green roofs really help the environment -- or are they an expensive indulgence ?
minnesota is to die for -- unless you are in a hurry to expire .
she can keep running until the primaries end in two and a half weeks .
polls show the four in an essentially tied race for the gop primary here .
she entered his bedroom to set up for the massage and found him unresponsive .
you can conquer disease , end conflicts and make change from the bottom up .
for some states , momentum on any bill that regulates guns is considered unusual .
at the centre of it all was set to be the then-named millennium tower .
churandy martina of netherlands antilles got the silver , several strides back at 19.82 .
but ensuring that staff are enthusiastic will be especially difficult when jobs are disappearing .
it 's the greatest thing ever ... and ovens that are 100 metres long .
we would rather hit them by mines and guerrilla attacks , " he said .
children place flowers on a wreath during a memorial for victims of the bushfires .
slaine 's attorney , stephen kaufman , could not immediately be reached for comment .
michigan 's unemployment rate , the highest in the nation , is 15.2 percent .
his reputation for toughness and probity could appeal to conservatives as well as reformists .
and you didn 't talk to them while you were all in the bathroom ?
arranz 's wife died in 2000 and he is survived by his two daughters .
lankford says u.s. officials on saturday were working to locate the 10 church members .
alcala was sentenced to death in february for killing 12-year-old robin samsoe in 1979 .
current and former workers say the broadcaster starting laying people off in late 2008 .
i really don 't want to see this kind of crap in star trek .
police spokesman david tull said the man escaped with an undisclosed amount of money .
the company moved to a larger , industrial facility in signal hill in 2001 .
minnesota 's brendan harris had two hits -- one a three-run , second-inning single .
the 11 judges are expected to take days or weeks to reach their verdict .
there are other issues out there , other problems that need to be addressed .
except for philadelphia 's shane victorino , there wasn 't much that derailed johnson .
he admitted embezzling the money from the scottish golf union and newmachar golf club .
the letter was addressed to churkin and sported a mccain signature near the bottom .
" i 've heard a lot about guardian angels and ghosts -- helpful ghosts .
white house spokesman robert gibbs said obama retains full confidence in his treasury secretary .
we have a saying in our house - gourmet is where you find it .
an american is scheduled to blast into orbit aboard the next soyuz in october .
most of the financial sector did better , as risk appetite continued to improve .
earlier this month , china extended by a month the investigation into the case .
the yankees lead the tigers by four and a half games in that race .
after the interruption , she turned the match around and won the last set .
" the scientists produced balls of cells modelling those normally present in the brain .
it turned out to be the same strain as the one in the outbreak .
british airways flies direct to mexico city and to buenos aires via são paulo .
yes , the justice department plans to prosecute some of the worst terror defendants .
myanmar 's military , which has held power since 1962 , tolerates no dissent .
a hokkien weight unit equivalent to just over a pound was called a kati .
owner marion grave said she had got herself into " another fine mess . "
these are not young people seeking a frisson of excitement from some underground activity .
your concept of left = anti-military is a 40 year misconception of the right .
a campaign started in 2001 to restore the line , which closed in 1965 .
the bush standard was still stricter than the previous smog standard set in 1997 .
funes ' victory ended a 20-year hold on the presidency by the right-leaning arena .
remember instead the harm they have done to science and are still doing now .
there are now about 142,000 u.s. troops in iraq and some 38,000 in afghanistan .
he lost , but later became new york 's first black secretary of state .
cowell and paula abdul judged rounds , gokey , allison iraheta and adam lambert .
financial expert suze orman details what to do to have a good money year .
between 2004 and 2008 , four military investigators have led the danny boy investigation .
( 2 ) based on an expected settlement date of june 9 , 2009 .
on tuesday afternoon , the stock was down about 35 percent at $ 5.16 .
relatives say he was planning to ask his girlfriend to marry him in december .
space was the issue for toms and kosciw , who both have home offices .
as a singer-dancer-songwriter , he helped create new languages for the eye and ear .
the banks nearly doubled their overall lending in selected sectors favorable to the smes .
he said it can be detrimental to put resource decisions ahead of strategy decisions .
the allegations by the chinese government began dogging him before his arrival in taiwan .
twice in the final drive brady faced fourth downs but managed to emerge unscathed .
or , can you find ways to safely get more jets in the air ?
each leader pledged that their countries were committed to afghanistan for the long term .
the ensuing turmoil in global markets has forced major changes in the financial landscape .
so far , the business impact has been less that medtronic had originally forecast .
he is still young , but also a former senior aide to mr clinton .
weather for corn is improving in the united states and china , traders said .
new compact , waterproof point-and-shoots work underwater at limited depths of about 10 feet .
new york - stephen king 's taste in music is more eclectic than scary .
passengers wait at heathrow 's terminal 5 as the problems mount for british airways .
a spokeswoman for fox news , a unit of news corp , declined comment .
gambari also held talks with a group of japanese lawmakers supporting myanmar 's democratisation .
( cbs ) shovels , trowels and pruning shears are essential for any gardener .
it makes celebration , luxury and healthier option ranges , supplying major supermarket chains .
washington right wing boyd gordon missed his second game due to back spasms . ...
but there is a widespread feeling here now that this is pakistan 's fight .
james sanders intercepted boller 's pass into the wind and returned it 42 yards .
rajon rondo had 16 assists and eight rebounds as the celtics improved to 3-0 .
dow jones industrial average futures fell 22 , or 0.28 percent , to 7,915 .
this flashing should extend up behind any wood siding or other exterior wall material .
if you don 't like reading alphaa 's posts , just stop reading them .
every single case of vote fraud since and including 2000 has been by democrats .
the stock code of nteep in the stock exchange of hong kong is 2633 .
i 've rented the cd 's of your shows and watched all of them .
he said he signed with the nets because he wanted to play with kidd .
obama campaign spokesman david wade said he understood the three reporters arrived too late .
not all plasma tvs are 720p , in fact very few of them are .
the rest of our world doesn 't really care what happens in your country .
blagojevich pleaded not guilty tuesday to all counts in a courtroom packed with spectators .
but as exports fall , business and consumer confidence remain depressed by political uncertainty .
riley shared the lead entering the third round with ryan moore and jeff maggert .
the two countries are among america 's staunchest supporters over the war in afghanistan .
i hesitated to call them ' frauds ' for fear of being sued myself !
hod hasharon , israel , february 9 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- allot communications ltd .
people who are savvy about milking the benefits system are capable of taking responsibility .
he brought his company back after 9 / 11 with sheer guts and perseverance .
much like hip-hop , reggae has a tradition of controversial singers with criminal records .
jill dougherty , cnn reporter : more than the number of hands they shake .
" everyone was a suspect to us , " said mr. baez , 32 .
( ap ) - john mccain wants to take the helm of the country .
she predicted as many as half the new gardeners will give up this summer .
by year 's end , the u.s. will send some 68,000 troops in afghanistan .
the sofas , imported from china , are said to cause blisters and rashes .
those are excerpts from president ford 's state of the union address in 1975 .
the group has long supported labeling , but not as a food safety program .
so what , asked boris , was darren 's idea for a new crossing ?
house majority leader steny h. hoyer ( d-md . ) vehemently denied that tuesday .
ralph nader is the only man left in this campaign who deserves our votes .
it 's time for a very short -- but very appropriate -- pop quiz .
once you have pasted sufficient to render the window opaque no light gets in .
maduka competed in the ncaa track and field championships in arkansas on friday night .
" iranian and russian technical committees are passing the final stage of their talks ...
5 , 1605 , tried to assassinate king james i by blowing up parliament .
thanks in part to schwartz , bear won substantial merger-and-acquisition business in the 1990s .
the wounds were too deep to heal ; they could only be covered up .
to see simon calder 's attempt to cross it , visit bit.ly / wobblybridge .
pity toshihiko fukui , the governor of the bank of japan ( boj ) .
trips include an eight-day gorilla safari to uganda from £ 940 ; flights extra .
this school , and most of the surrounding houses , were destroyed last week .
" it means that taxes are higher and the government has to borrow more .
the market is paying farmers to produce the goods we are demanding from them .
this year , he needs to tell his team not to get over confident .
armstrong 's manager did not respond to a request to comment for this article .
justice secretary jack straw is set to ditch plans to build controversial titan prisons .
around 5,000 passengers had booked to travel with flyglobespan over the next few days .
his two older brothers , who also work for family businesses , encouraged him .
you had 32 years to get it right and it is an abysmal failure .
berlin ( ap ) - bernhard mattes , chief of ford motor co 's .
the england job would pay about £ 300,000 , three times his current salary .
however , economists have expressed scepticism about the durability of recent house price rises .
crucially for mr obama 's aspirations , this has also weakened the domestic manufacturers .
a friend drove over her legs , breaking them both just above the ankle .
instead he made the decision to react poorly and added fuel to the fire .
usually the makers are identified only discreetly with their initials in the model name .
this is the full list of every meeting between baby p and health professionals .
that , they add , means that reproductive-health services will have to keep up .
the report is just the latest sign of weakness in the overall housing market .
if instead the defenders break the clubs , south again loses only two clubs .
the interview for piers morgan 's life stories will be screened on april 3 .
kharas says she is always asked if she runs a " social enterprise . "
baa is owned by spanish giant ferrovial , which bought the firm in 2006 .
john from oxford via text on 81111 : " i never miss a beat .
as in the case of helen smith there are a number of unanswered questions .
lib dem chris huhne argues that the labour government has not enforced the law .
" your calls should look good -- not too perfect and too long hours .
investors ' assessment of the economy comes after a strong week for wall street .
part of me wants to shout from the rooftops for more awareness of fm .
the u.s. senate is expected to take up mandatory climate change regulations in june .
olmert was able to beat back calls for his resignation after the interim report .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.44 gmt on thursday 26 november 2009 .
tory leader david cameron toured the shipyard on wednesday during a visit to cumbria .
analysts have expressed doubts about certain technological achievements announced by iran in the past .
former democratic national committee chairman joe andrew at the 2000 convention in los angeles .
taliban sources in the area later told reuters eight were killed and seven wounded .
and children in at study done at a day care also benefited from probiotics .
he wore a black shirt with long sleeves , dark jeans and dark trainers .
and all american forces are expected to leave iraq by the end of 2011 .
today , we will start to find out if their efforts have been enough .
" i can 't imagine how this could be necessary , " she said .
20 elections in afghanistan , marred by claims of ballot stuffing and voter coercion .
just 27 people have taken advantage of that deal in its first two months .
ugandan authorities said 12,000 kenyan refugees had crossed the border since the crisis began .
qingchuan is but one corner of a disaster area roughly the size of kentucky .
intervention without investigation , and institutional stupidity , inevitably lend succour to dangerous adults .
but , as tony kornheiser likes to say : we kid because we love .
on the other hand , his work never denigrated the achievements of the british .
west mercia police said the carriageway was likely to remain closed for several hours .
29 , and they have worked out the terms of repayment with those relatives .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.19 gmt on friday 18 december 2009 .
newport crown court heard it had been a " prolonged and terrifying " ordeal .
he had scored the tying goal in the final minutes of friday 's game .
at the behest of her father , hirsi-ali married a somali-canadian cousin in 1992 .
east rutherford , n.j. -- the jason kidd era is over in new jersey .
in the film , sentimental music complements brutal images , almost softening the blow .
those bad guys are a gang of drug dealers who rampage and kill unimpeded .
but if i 'm awake , i 'm working , ' he tells me .
the suspects , military officials said , were being taught how to make explosives .
he promptly put a shot in with 2 : 05 left in the period .
three osprey chicks have hatched at a secret nest site in the lake district .
so the pressure is on mr marchionne to bring fiat and chrysler closer together .
the fool lacks a basic understanding of how ahmadinejad , and iran , work .
but the effect of the dixie democrats will not necessarily be on social issues .
but arguments are not right simply because they are widely perceived to be true .
islanders deported from guernsey were mainly imprisoned in biberach , wurzach and laufen camps .
" clearly that will go up , " says assistant secretary p.j. crowley .
" it is scientifically proven that corporal punishment of all kinds harms the child .
the birds weigh about 8 pounds , more than enough to cause heavy damage .
of course , it 's not just about working your nuts off every day .
the researchers submitted identical prescriptions for common medications to six pharmacies in four cities .
" i like what i 'm going to be doing , " he said .
what began as an entertaining by-product of that internet clean-up has become a sensation .
precisely what she is trying to convey will be feverishly deconstructed by the media .
the father marched the naked boy into the lot and made him kneel down .
the militia is accused of two major anti-jewish bombings in argentina in the 1990s .
the coast guard c-130 with seven crew members aboard collided shortly after 7 p.m.
" sobriety is a 12-step suicide programme here , " an aid worker said .
preparations to bury the dead were in progress with funeral prayers scheduled later tuesday .
he makes use of a script but you are free to depart from it .
a chapter 13 filing , sometimes called a wage-earner bankruptcy , is more complex .
it includes a 2012 option for nine million dollars with a one million-dollar buyout .
but defensive lineman justin trattou intercepted stephen garcia and brought it back 53 yards .
but the result could be close this year given democrats now outnumber republicans there .
he wanted me to step back , trying to impress me with his makeup .
such fires can smoulder for months , let alone days before flaring up again .
you know , you want somebody in this position that has had executive experience .
" can you higher your voice , because i have a problem hearing ? "
my ordinary ride led to an extraordinary rollover near a small , remote town .
" local residents can be confident the council has done absolutely the right thing .
the packers -- bless aaron rodgers ' heart -- are the other wild card .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.35 gmt on monday 4 january 2010 .
elissa , 8 , is a third-grader at keene mill elementary school in springfield .
outside the stadium , from three to 12 man u supporters were reportedly stabbed .
the give : parayil pays the musical troupes more than $ 150 per performance .
they had been taking part in the trial for 2.5 years , on average .
pallone is sponsoring a bill that would require federal judges to approve monitoring contracts .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.00 bst on tuesday 6 april 2010 .
live in a possible future only if you are conditioning your mind and attitude .
populist rage creates the political support for taking far bolder steps against wall street .
the difference is , tibet has suffered trauma at the hands of the chinese .
does he regret and change his mind on every decision he 's ever made ?
and some of your favorite places may not be giving you the straight scoop .
part of poizner 's job is to oversee how insurance companies invest surplus funds .
prudery in a politician -- they knew well -- ain 't a popular look .
dallas county d.a. craig watkins wants to prosecute any prosecutors who hide evidence .
in venezuela investors are thought to have over $ 2 billion in stanford-linked firms .
" the attention has been taken away from the legitimacy of iran 's regime .
that figure is expected to soar in the coming decades as life expectancy lengthens .
washington ( ap ) - senate passes iraq funding bill by a 70-26 vote .
is anyone really overly impressed with the results we get now for the costs ?
anything stephen can do to raise the importance of political discussion has my vote .
the two targeted drugs were provided by the companies that market them in europe .
the remaining $ 384 million will be a cash payment to certain warrant holders .
i loved the wire , six feet under , the sopranos , in treatment .
health groups have reported a surge in mental care needs attributable to the storm .
their readiness is demonstrated through the cap 's proficiency testing ( pt ) program .
the information could usually have been presented much more accessibly on a web page .
foxnews.com 's judson berger and fox news ' wendell goler contributed to this report .
there are 28 official money events this year , six fewer than last year .
sanderlin was able to get help from a neighbor but died from his injuries .
the latest evidence suggests china 's domestic demand is accelerating ( see article ) .
citigroup 's board now has 17 members , including seven who joined this year .
liu said the six countries still need to agree on a new meeting date .
males of various species tailor their sperm count according to real or perceived competition .
thornton , a friend of cherie blair , was made a peer in 1998 .
he says that these plans will create seven million new jobs over 10 years .
she had a birkin bag someone had given her that was worth a fortune .
" we are urging countries not to use export bans , " zoellick said .
he was serving a life prison term plus 40 years for a 2005 carjacking .
they could be freed if witnesses refuse to reveal their identity in a retrial .
he is expected to return for sacramento 's game in new jersey on friday .
the machines create a smooth and steady low-impact motion that is easier on joints .
excluding the u.s. gulf coast casino , mgm said revenue had risen 2 percent .
government auditors had upheld eight of more than 100 protest points raised by boeing .
from the perspective of a child herself , raised by two men for instance ?
brown , a son of the manse , is a man of huge contradictions .
my grandfather used to sell clothes door-to-door , some of which didn 't fit .
sheriff bob bratton of ottawa county was angry so many people ignored the risk .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.21 gmt on saturday 12 december 2009 .
but even they face elimination if they lose against their neighbours and co-hosts austria .
" this will be a major saving in total emissions , " he says .
cracking quotes and many memorable outbursts , but who said the following ? 1 .
the investor pockets the difference--in this case , $ 20 per share .
white house spokesman tommy vietor said republicans have mislabeled key agency personnel as czars .
when they returned , a southern minnesota court ordered them to see an oncologist .
i 'm not saying that you can only enjoy it , if you do .
previous studies had found hpv and periodontitis were independent risk factors for tongue cancer .
i support the president in a lot of issues , but this one stinks .
also be sure you 're accurately reporting the details leading up to your sickness .
" these people have lost their mind , " he added with a smile .
a total of 12 firefighters tackled the fire in the teams area of gateshead .
the fame and fortune have not changed steffen 's outlook on life , however .
" you may you win a stay at a resort , " says dworsky .
the two men were tied together : the case was enshrined in law journals .
a couple stepped out of a taxi after a ride from la guardia airport .
east , tower b , 2nd floor , laval , quebec , h7g 4s7 .
the new plymouth hospital has been designed by renowned architecture firm foster and partners .
they are already home or can make themselves at home with a receptive population .
the lower ninth ward remains a wasteland , and the gentilly neighborhood is reawakening .
the predatory birds eat squirrels , rats , pigeons , doves and other songbirds .
all it takes is the smell of a warm snack to wake them up .
baghdad opposes arbil signing its own contracts , a position kurdish officials have ignored .
security , by necessity , has now shot to the top of the agenda .
if they take the money , they forgo future special distributions from the fund .
the department of defense is the largest consumer of u.s.-made apparel and textile goods .
he said consumers could help if they chose the greenest cars in their class .
" thriller , " released in 1982 , is the best selling album ever .
opponents have said it would increase pollution and traffic with disastrous consequences for wildlife .
was it patriotic to serve in a war for oil and the big corporations ?
now theater for a new audience is introducing the play in the united states .
stay tuned : large studies comparing warfarin to each have begun at hospitals nationwide .
to put it bluntly , those are as pointless as this 72-incher is cool .
they were heading fast into a government which is the most liberal in history .
healthy tissue then grows on and around the material to create a permanent blockage .
it also tries to start up new companies , then find buyers for them .
he described how his daughter was ejected from the plane into the indian ocean .
john continued : " it 's all about moving forward in the right direction .
he cited political violence , intimidation and vote rigging as his reasons for withdrawing .
russia was ranked the number one country overall for expats in terms of wealth .
obviously , he isn 't able to go anywhere until close of play . "
but just how close can you go for more permanent shrubs and herbaceous plants ?
ginsberg will be nearly 80 by 2012 and she 's got some health problems .
her defenders have observed that the comment should not be taken as judicial philosophy .
analysts said wen 's remarks were a coded message to washington to exercise caution .
the number of agriculture operations in the state peaked in 1920 at about 57,000 .
the west bengal government tried to do this in nandigram and singur but failed .
and the price was minimal -- low-ceiling young big-leaguers austin jackson and phil coke .
labour tolerated mr blair and his election-winning ideas -- but never really loved them .
by the way the ban on hemp production has shifted american jobs to canada .
in ghana , like many african countries , life is largely lived in public .
she has proudly been bringing home federal dollars to her state for 16 years .
neil young in " neil young trunk show , " directed by jonathan demme .
so i 've been on record on behalf of this for quite some time .
but larry bowa is in the house , albeit in the visitors ' dugout .
more than half have less than £ 10m of cash on their balance sheets .
other reporters have spent up to seven months in jail to protect their sources .
substitutes not used : nuno ( gk ) , stepanov , sektioui , farias .
young said parents and students were not explicitly told about this built-in security feature .
but in the end , you have only your own judgment to rely on .
in 1960 , wilson married the dancer ali pourfarrokh , whom she later divorced .
richards believes the principal and pta sought to eliminate the list to muzzle parents .
you may say so after a win over ukraine that relied on two set-pieces .
don 't go asking for any of them in your local cheese shop - ...
polanski 's lawyer herve temime said the film director will fight the us request .
miller , however , said his forecasts for the russian energy monopoly remain positive .
most of the 22 killed were civilians , and at least three were children .
rushmore and the work in progress on the huge forthcoming monument of crazy horse .
born in london , turner was the son of a barber of humble means .
which may be the real reason our leaders have so assiduously avoided the game .
i can understand your affection for her ... birds of a feather and all !
boeing shares rose after the aerospace giant reached a tentative agreement with striking machinists .
when it 's so blatant there 's a responsibility on people to own up .
last year 's winner , dan niederloh , wowed audiences and judges from hawaii .
he rarely signed autographs and seemed contemptuous of the people who paid his salary .
even though the costs are divided , a shared ranch does not come cheap .
the government has offered an amnesty in return for pledges of cash and jobs .
the province has seen some of the worst recent violence of the taleban-led insurgency .
mr. paulson may set prices through auctions but is not required to do so .
1949-1954 volkswagen develops 90 combinations , including refrigerated vans , ambulances and fire engines .
so part of the plan that i have is that we seal the borders .
russia cut oil supplies to refineries in belarus briefly because of a pricing dispute .
do some research before leaving , because there are many pet-friendly hotels out there .
the solution you offer is to trasnfer wealth with no mention of nuclear power .
the company also arranges dinners and tastings where members can sample advertisers ' products .
a u.s. government official has said israeli warplanes hit weapons destined for hezbollah guerrillas .
as he speaks to her , she preens herself by playing with her hair .
he said that was how he had broken into ms de simone 's car .
it was obvious at times the shoulder bothered him , but he carried on .
state reservoirs are drying up and many are at their lowest levels in years .
the age range is pretty impressive too - from 15 up to around 55 .
i want to thank my manager , my mom , she 's in london .
under the new terms , the south is almost certain to vote for secession .
" the women go into toxic shock and die , " dr oji said .
she made 16 unforced errors and managed just five winners against zvonareva 's 10 .
some analysts say falling through those levels could spark a fresh wave of selling .
but there 's other , more encouraging language , in the document as well .
ore _ thurmond 25 fumble return ( evensen kick ) , 7 : 59 .
and the name willie horton will always refer to more than just a criminal .
under its rules , the court here must issue its decision in 90 days .
that 's like giving a pyromaniac matches but telling him not to use them .
it is the biggest donation from an individual in the centre 's 35-year history .
honolulu ( ap ) - scientists surveying american samoa 's coral reefs say sept .
if i closed my eyes , i could definitely see pink elephants , though .
speaking of social workers he said : " they don 't get enough support .
" he 's a left-sided player that a lot of clubs are looking for .
brill started out on a quiet commuter train , talking loudly on her phone .
total scores ranged from the worst score of 4 to the highest of 28 .
but at stapleton , the new building has also lit a sense of hope .
so good to see all violent scum on here cheering on criminals and violence .
she said they were already proving to be a " mischievous little bunch . "
sometimes women take over the lead vocals to sing about how he misused them .
he became president when general musharraf resigned under threat of impeachment in august 2008 .
" it 's a lot of riding up and down , " she said .
nato-led forces have been struggling to contain an increasingly fierce taliban insurgency in afghanistan .
skies began clearing friday , and rains were forecast to stop by the weekend .
volunteers from operation christmas child spent about three months packing up thousands of boxes .
if he 's within a few points now , he will be stronger then .
on june 8 he received £ 365,000 - followed in july by £ 200,000 .
it was also a remarkable victory for an athlete who was returning from injury .
seventy-five percent of items displayed beer labels , including 45 percent that featured budweiser .
we continue to carefully monitor and influence the policy proposals being considered by congress .
the duchess 's visit heralded the start of the institution 's 125th anniversary celebrations .
the casting of stewart is almost certainly aimed at appealing to the teen market .
you can often rake in more than the average with a comparatively poor performance .
but sources made clear that the browns remained reluctant to have their children photographed .
" what we have seen is that prices have come down to 2004 levels .
an unbeaten century from shivnarine chanderpaul helped put west indies into a commanding position .
on my days off from the tour , i do a lot of sightseeing .
but o 'neill warns of practical difficulties because the defence may not be ready .
people with a family history of depression are more likely to experience it themselves .
tressel has built a 94-21 record since becoming the ohio state coach in 2001 .
he was most at ease with africans and englishmen from humble backgrounds like his .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.38 gmt on thursday 12 november 2009 .
i was truly worried that whomever caught the ball would get torn to ribbons .
the clashes overnight killed two people and injured nine , a police commander said .
starting free safety nick collins is probable but he missed the last three games .
but we are currently ignoring an important cadre of students who need something different .
in november herbert morrison , the home secretary , decided to release the vicar .
a coal lorry has caught fire in a collision at a norfolk road junction .
in january state unemployment offices reported a monthly leap in jobless figures of 132,378 .
as far as i 'm concerned i love the party , " he added .
this is because the land registry bases its calculations on when transactions are completed .
last week ended with more news that kept the white house on the defensive .
they found mrs fox dead in the same room from where her son escaped .
today 's noir collection highlighted the point that ethical fashion needn 't be dowdy .
somewhere john dewey is chuckling , because he had the idea in the 1890s .
two years later , he was indicted on charges of lying in his testimony .
governments have got away with this because abused children cannot hold them accountable .
analysts said fusion had been hit by fierce competition in the mobile phone industry .
after juan uribe singled , pierzynski scored on a suicide squeeze bunt by owens .
the property was bestowed a windsor square-hancock park historical society landmark award in june .
zimbabwe has a deal : but is the old crocodile waiting to bite back ?
thousands of trees fell in new york city alone , mayor michael bloomberg said .
but he always talked me into it , " she said with a laugh .
he notes , though , that he 's perfectly free to revise that vision .
instead they will have teachers from other disciplines who will take combined science classes .
the election of a black man to the white house is a huge triumph .
it had run in the reverse direction toward russia following supply concerns since 2004 .
oh for the time when a brief but firm handshake would do the trick .
full coverage : click for foxnews.com 's complete coverage of michael jackson 's death .
one problem would be having a control group without any exposure to the humanities .
has this administration learned nothing from the last two years of the major government ?
the leaf is set to be launched in select european markets in early 2011 .
ninety-eight steps led up the bluff to the white column , built in 1874 .
green tea is widely consumed in many asian countries , including china and japan .
meanwhile , the caffeine will stop the cheesy cholesterol from giving me alzheimer 's .
if the house has never been occupied , there are no symptoms to evaluate .
and the chicago bears have a franchise quarterback for the first time in decades .
when it does , hawick will also have lost its only dedicated fruit outlet .
devastating blazes in recent years have hit drug-treatment facilities , nursing homes and nightclubs .
there are special programs for kids and teens , and a spa for adults .
there were a few instances of cellphones going off in class , sacco said .
" all of the above , " mccain answered before offering up alternative fodder .
berwickshire msp john lamont will carry out the official groundbreaking ceremony at the site .
he estimates the restrictions will cost his business between £ 10,000 and £ 20,000 .
if parents use placebos to comfort their children , what are they teaching them ?
nearby , a spotted sandpiper hunted for insects along a shoreline strewn with trash .
in the old days , workers wore orange hard hats and managers wore white .
west mercia police say they do not know if the three men left together .
" the suspicions are effectively going that way , " he told le figaro .
what kind of precedent gets set when states are rewarded for flouting the rules ?
the guy needed to tone it down a bit especially about the vending machine .
the celeb factory website claimed : " we guarantee that all are one-of-a-kind . "
richard hamilton scored 17 , rodney stuckey 14 and bynum 13 for the pistons .
" i think it 's clear that pakistan is fighting this fight against terrorists ...
this footage forms the spine of severe clear , which is raw and thought-provoking .
with the broadcast network schedules clogged with specials and reruns , cable stepped up .
united airlines and manchester united are also expected to borrow from junk bond investors .
at least one of the presidential candidates has sought to capitalize on voter disenchantment .
now they 're even worse off , and the banks go out of business .
the 23-year-old defender will join the royal blues from tromso for an undisclosed fee .
she has been working closely with washington and palestinian negotiators on the peace process .
it takes knowing the ins and outs of the political and foreign policy fields .
his motorcade swept past beneath the battlements of the monastery 's red brick walls .
she also toured europe during the summers with the keith smith climax jazz band .
the loss of print jobs is only one aspect of a dire overall picture .
profits from the restaurant will be split with a north korean state trading firm .
the teacher described four-year-olds violently attacking each other and on one occasion , her .
the incident has striking similarities to a 1994 case , also in south carolina .
the odds he was speaking of were precise : they were 65 : 35 .
the security exchange commission seems an unlikely culprit to care about your bedtime banter .
it said the rmt had amended the proposal and had returned it to acas .
hundreds of videos were found in apartments rented by kent sheley , police say .
england has given me a fantastic opportunity to a fantastic life at the moment .
it might look more frightening than fun , or like something out of frankenstein .
bill conway has a huge wad of cash burning a hole in his pocket .
his populist campaign emphasises the fight against corruption rather than any lofty geopolitical goal .
that sort of thing might not matter if you run a tv production company .
he served for three years , mostly in the cruiser mauritius in the mediterranean .
" breaking bank secrecy remains a serious crime in switzerland , " he said .
the standard is so low that it is on a par with eastern europe .
the plane tried to land , then u-turned before it crashed , nadhoim said .
wheeler 's blogs take her kids -- among other places -- out stalking walrus .
justin forsett ran 10 times for 74 yards for the seahawks ( 5-11 ) .
if the objective was to befuddle , then on monday it was mission accomplished .
" nobody can contest today his fears were amply founded , " he writes .
and while flood water has largely subsided , it left a sea of mud .
excerpts from the book were first reported thursday on the politico news web site .
every time they had information from a person , he 'd turn up dead .
she worked at a shelter for at-risk women , and her boyfriend built boats .
directly confronting the republican party 's contradictions could plunge it into a civil war .
" within months you get a return of disease activity , " he said .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.23 gmt on tuesday 16 march 2010 .
we are being seen on cnn and cnn international in more than 240 countries .
so what , then , at this juncture does russia want from the west ?
last month , bank of america requested approval under the law to acquire countrywide .
culp left the hospital on 5 february and has returned for periodic follow-up care .
the management had expected such a drop , blaming it on the economic crisis .
and in the east of island from as far away as galway to enniskillen .
schneider recommended that anyone coming to view the procession take metro or a taxi .
it has been years since players of that caliber have played for the team .
hydrocodone is an opiate used as a painkiller , highly prized on the street .
it was won by pegasus , who was masquerading under the name of shergar .
building permits , a key indicator of future activity , also fell in july .
recently , she began lofting short ads accusing insurance commissioner poizner of being untrustworthy .
he is also asking departments to trim their budgets by about $ 1.4 million .
australia : tries mitchell , elsom ; conversions giteau 2 ; penalties giteau 2 .
there are about 92,000 afghan police and the us target is 160,000 by 2013 .
thirty-one companies are permitted by the chinese regulator to trade derivatives on overseas markets .
brazil topped argentina , 3-0 , to win its eighth copa américa title . ...
just putting on extra lines in case it comes up , " he said .
you are able to discern which ideas are worth pursuing and which are not .
change towels or launder at least twice a week in hot water and bleach .
cbs news camera captured a violent hour-long standoff between u.s. marines and insurgent forces .
a white house spokesman described the game as " just buddies hanging out . "
since this is so , bone mineral density screening of well women is foolish .
the pursuit of money , is not the same as the pursuit of happiness .
bradley hit seven of its first nine shots to take the early 11-point lead .
no _ p.thomas 5 fumble return ( mare kick ) , 12 : 38 .
british rates stand at 5.75 percent and in japan the level is 0.5 percent .
after all , crossing your fingers and heading for the gate usually paid off .
and the way he 's done things this year , the longer the better .
under president obama 's leadership the pace of our service movement continues to grow .
already your children live much more of their lives in public than you do .
heavy rain and snow was hampering the relief effort , witness irshad ahmed said .
several miles of interstate five are still closed because the highway is under water .
the mayor hopes such a move could free up $ 80 million next year .
summer heat , boy and girl meet , but uh-oh : those closing notices .
" is that a problem that you think a lot of people suffer from ?
the kremlin has regularly criticized nabucco and instead backed the rival south stream pipeline .
" we cannot today qualify the text as stigmatizing , " he said .
" hillary clinton was the architect of health care reform , " borger said .
explore the west indian restaurants of brooklyn , concentrated along nostrand and flatbush avenues .
residents who watched their streets and buildings get covered in dust after the sept .
kawakami allowed three runs and four hits , walked four and struck out eight .
citigroup announced in october that it had cut 11,000 jobs in the third quarter .
jac _ ingram 39 interception return ( scobee kick ) , 14 : 50 .
three teams will earn automatic berths in the 2010 world cup in south africa .
i hope in this way to try to show why they are still relevant .
some of her critics say the longtime senator is a republican only by name .
japan 's transport ministry appeared to be a step ahead of toyota last week .
new york-listed shares in ubs were trading nearly 4 percent higher at $ 15.25 .
people who think less of people who are not parents are undereducated and misinformed .
six in ten whites approve of the way mr. obama is handling his job .
" they do involve an incredible amount of work with scientists and local people .
rather , it was used to repay other investors and mr. donnelly 's salary .
" there was nothing he did not know about mortaring that was worth knowing .
unita has vowed to challenge the legality of the poll in the constitutional court .
the communique also acknowledges baselines may vary but " efforts must be comparable . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.56 gmt on tuesday 12 january 2010 .
iraqis will have to learn to share resources to make the new government work .
but mr obama has always been careful to leave himself plenty of wriggle room .
butler said it 's good news that the flow of vaccines will start soon .
names of the dead and injured and their service affiliations were not immediately released .
he carried out the offence between 5 april 2006 , and 12 july 2007 .
in his experience , patients are soon won over once the benefits are explained .
surprisingly , it was the last they heard of the new record all night .
the economic recovery legislation provides $ 8.4 billion for investments in public transportation projects .
natera-armenta had set out on the park 's hot springs trail around 7 a.m.
for a federal agent used to working in anonymity , this was unfamiliar territory .
it had to settle for hill and mcgrady , and never won a title .
as i turn to leave , my eye lights on a pile of boxes .
this morning 's decisions come as the plight of the economy continues to worsen .
vincent lecavalier , martin st. louis and jan hlavac scored goals for tampa bay .
the nine-member jury was asked to calculate damages on a per-share and per-day basis .
' now go and strike amalek and devote to destruction all that they have .
the only other recourse would be to ban all non-curricular clubs , officials said .
and " new england , " not " the united states of america . "
it was 1999 in the nou camp and " football , bloody hell . "
one of the violent attacks was captured on video , outraging homeless advocates nationwide .
in collaboration with berry gordy , he was responsible for the distinctive motown sound .
early thoughts : good to have sir king of kev-dom back on the telly .
blood pooled around charred and mangled wrecks of several cars destroyed by the blast .
scotland yard said it would be held " while further enquiries are made . "
" they were trying their hardest to keep him alive , " rucker said .
his brother was seriously wounded in the attack and his son suffered minor injuries .
the adams wrapped woods in a blanket and made sure he didn 't move .
the protests continued saturday evening and police used teargas canisters to push demonstrators back .
by wednesday , 169 counties had had their power restored , or partially restored .
most of these will flower in spring before the trees start to leaf up .
rubalcaba said two other people connected to the airport attack are on the run .
kerr , originally from inverness , had an address at shore road , belfast .
in march a major conference is scheduled to persuade the international community to contribute .
his story will now be judged with other regional winners for a national prize .
a u.s. embassy official said it had confirmed the arrest of one u.s. citizen .
as the shares are well below our 520p tp , we upgrade to buy .
the reason i don 't like her is because she accepts money from lobbyists .
no one could doubt the earnest intent behind the scottish justice secretary 's statement .
but there 's a lot of fear throughout our society and the system itself .
the where and the when is all the authorities can ever hope to control .
too bad that so much went to something that most cannot even access .
the suicide attack in nangahar was the second major taliban strike in two days .
if we have president mccain the democrat party may take a generation to recover .
the donal macintyre programme identified more sites which reward customers for recruiting other borrowers .
zhao declined to give his full name , as is common with chinese officials .
ms spears and mr federline are battling over custody of their two young sons .
at clinton 's events this week , obama 's troubles echoed through the crowd .
on friday , authorities lifted evacuation orders in la cañada flintridge and la crescenta .
this is a way to help as well as boost morale of our troops !
it was in this much simpler society that claude levi-strauss would have grown up .
" voluntold , " might be more accurate , mullen said with a smile .
that is £ 219 per quitter compared with £ 160 in 2006 / 07 .
ms cooper backed john calcutt 's recommendations for tougher planning laws on building starts .
officials suspected a close link between the lahore bombers and mehsud , reports bokhari .
the rural specials will help tackle crimes such as theft , poaching and vandalism .
a department of health spokesman said : " any violence in hospitals is unacceptable .
the nasdaq composite index closed off 0.1 percent , 2.28 points , to 2,395.13 .
" i can be impatient at times , " was all he would admit .
hambro also said u.s. demand for commodities was starting to show signs of recovery .
metro spokeswoman cathy asato said thursday evening that she did not know about injuries .
fearing for their jobs , many potential home buyers are putting off a purchase .
the money will go toward additional staff and improvements to its antiquated testing facilities .
jesus gica said he was worried that many people had been trapped below deck .
more decisive moves towards joining the eu may not be too long in coming .
nixon has made the 2005 cuts the central point of his campaign against blunt .
bbc correspondents there say there are still several artillery positions and checkpoints in gori .
the story of tocqueville 's visit was an extraordinary one in its own right .
banking stocks had surged mid-week on the optimism but gains were pared on friday .
next on the itinerary is nara , also a former capital of ancient japan .
i didn 't know i was pregnant : travesty or guilty pleasure ? 9 .
mr lobb , of nottingham , never regained consciousness and died nine days later .
willstrop said : " the decision in the fourth was just so massively crucial .
but he 's refused to cooperate with investigators and has asked for an attorney .
" it 's the best day of my whole life , " she said .
he will drop a lot more names before the q & a is over .
so i really can 't get excited until we see more concrete progress here .
" i 'm not ready to be on my own , " he said .
three quarters of judges are privately educated and over two thirds of top barristers .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.00 gmt on wednesday 2 december 2009 .
one table shape that haag would like to see less of : the circle .
interest or growth earned can be wiped out if exchange rates move against you .
28 , when baseball allowed umpires to begin using it to determine boundary calls .
the novel is rotating through draft after draft as this tension is worked out .
only half of east jerusalem 's school children are enrolled in the state system .
okulitch 's agency was among the first to raise concern about the novelty lighters .
notes : fleury has started nine straight and 15 of the last 16 . ...
harris missed the nets ' game against milwaukee on sunday with a bruised leg .
it may be that the parliamentary expenses scandal will provide the impetus for change .
times staff writers kathleen hennessey and lisa mascaro in washington contributed to this report .
the american revealed wednesday that she was injured in a slalom training run feb .
if you 're trying to parallel the proposed health insurance reforms you 've failed .
three men have been arrested over a potentially contaminated batch of heroin in bradford .
to all intents and purposes , it seemed he was not the only one .
kim , 67 , is reportedly recovering from a stroke he suffered last year .
and who 's going to design every health care bill offered in the exchange ?
ms. bell , who had been working double time since 1993 , recently stopped .
rupert friend , the new film 's prince albert , fancies another regal role .
it 's an argument made by others who 've studied kids prosecuted as adults .
he said moody admitted to climbing into pit toilets on more than two occasions .
i really liked the performances though , and how they incorporated the studio lots .
what remains to be seen is whether large-scale studies will back up early findings .
she and her friends are encouraged to speak english : the language of opportunity .
leaving the screaming friend behind , the four drove her a short distance away .
the technology we have is for enrichment below the level of 5 percent level .
one mp taunted him by saying he was becoming crash gordon not flash gordon .
they saw two men lying in a pool of blood , riddled with bullets .
the automated transfer vehicle is designed to find its own way to the platform .
he has publicly thanked the bbc for giving him a " second chance . "
jennifer scott , then 19 , was studying at the royal academy of music .
but experts say our sense of smell can also work like a warning system .
" how many managers will do that this season and keep their jobs ? "
nasreen has been threatened by muslim fundamentalists offended by her book " lajja . "
in some places , the river 's glorious past lives right alongside its present .
still , 27 % expect to spend more online this year than last year .
credit suisse first boston ctvm s.a. rio de janeiro , march 20 , 2008 .
the ministry said the results would be announced by the middle of next week .
" human conflict , nuclear bombs , natural disasters , chemical and biological warfare .
he was on his way to leaving the episcopal church and becoming a unitarian .
winning special protection would benefit yorkshire producers and boost sales , ms knapper said .
now he wants to focus on his putting after needing 120 putt this week .
following the lock-out ms hutchinson said she was unsure what she would do next .
a further enticement : admission to the museum 's permanent collection is absolutely free .
there are regular , often acerbic , observations of the way we live now .
he now will get a chance to show his coaching ability on that stage .
that 's ok , because opening day is 1 1 / 2 months off .
mcewen led the research to put the list of more than 7,500 names together .
" it 's hard not to be affected by what you see and feel .
many politicians over the years have had difficulty translating campaign success into governing success .
of the total , 11 were children under 15 , including four under five .
the 47-year-old 's funeral will take place at 1600 bst in garryduff presbyterian church .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.05 gmt on friday 14 january 2011 .
but that test project had ended more than a year before the money arrived .
ausiello : ever wonder what " supernatural " would look like as a sitcom ?
as for the examples above , here are some excerpts from interviews last week .
they 'll be looking at the way ahead for britain following the g20 summit .
i 'm glad that making a decision has lifted a weight from your shoulders .
" the general principle is that abortion is a crime , " she said .
2006-2007 models and is provided by the epa at http : / / www.fueleconomy.gov.
treasure island hosts smaller conventions and occasionally gets a piece of a big one .
yonhap news agency said two shots were aimed at a south korean military unit .
but above all we will not miss the adverts that result in throttle interruptus .
the tacky carpeting has been replaced by a brick patio and a swimming pool .
and easy to please -- content with a crossword puzzle or game of whist .
which type of energy has the most potential to meet the world 's needs ?
we had only one pot between us and its owner was in great demand .
vesta is selling two- to four-bedroom units for $ 690,000 to $ 1.47 million .
other risk factors include early age for starting menstruation and late age at menopause .
woodstock , n.y. -- the creative music studio here remains underdocumented and little understood .
" they 're almost here " she says as mackenzie lee starts to cry .
the company is considering " strategic initiatives " for insurance businesses , he said .
just like a heroin addict they will do about anything to ensure their fix .
politicians in washington tend to like to talk about the economy and job creation .
red mangrove is perhaps the most ubiquitous shrub on the coast of south-west florida .
" we recommend that patients having sexual dysfunction issues discuss this with their physicians .
natural gas gained close to 4 cents to $ 4.33 per 1,000 cubic feet .
boosie q & a : is lil boosie gettin the death penalty ? 5 .
workers at a gas station crouched under cars , their heads in their hands .
this segment could link to the anacostia line across a rebuilt 11th street bridge .
it is coming and question is how " soft " this landing will be .
not barbara or laura bush , not nancy reagan , or even betty ford .
burned : 292,534 acres across seven counties , 751 homes and 102 commercial structures .
ms. hwang washed dishes in restaurants in seoul while her husband worked in icheon .
jared dudley scored 21 points and vince carter chipped in 19 points for phoenix .
shadaab saleem , who is a ninth grade student , was just as overjoyed .
police have been ordered to shoot violators , " an unnamed police official said .
another survey found a decrease in visits to the doctor during the current recession .
you train for years to get to a level to where you can perform .
some legal conservatives and republican activists have expressed reservations about mukasey 's legal record .
their cousin claire edwards , 21 , a passenger , died later in hospital .
this is why i believe in class that offer discourse on such personal matters .
can mandy be tempted into risking a dislocated shoulder by slapping his own back ?
to be considered , e-mail your story to donna rosato at drosato @ moneymail.com.
at stormont , alliance is in the same united community group as the greens .
he will make an interesting report of the situation and look forward to more .
it all reflects a new phase in the fed 's response to the recession .
fifteen of the 19 suicide hijackers in the september 11 attacks were saudi nationals .
but the miami area will provide fewer than one-fifth of the votes on tuesday .
" many people were falling on top of each other , " he said .
or they 're in a dickens novel and should get out of new york .
lloyd : all right , so delegates are the key to winning the nomination .
as for the building itself , duncan has ambitious plans to host record fairs .
in response , our citizens have become angry , cynical , distrustful and dispirited .
many people overcomplicate faith , he said , adding that jesus told simple stories .
offering cash to stricken homeowners instead would cause less long-term damage , he said .
prosecutors say jessie james cummings jr. abused his wives and children to maintain control .
and if you don 't have a job you are not buying a house .
pixar has made 10 films , four of which have won best animation oscars .
but the council is not expected to vote in favour of providing extra funding .
the united states is believed to be quietly encouraging the two to work together .
turns out that randall cunningham , cris carter and randy moss were the geniuses .
he has gotten so cornball the last few years he is unbearable to watch .
then -- after that sacrifice and loss -- he was committed to a hospital .
it also helps to live in a state people have not been flocking to .
i don 't believe that 40 % of people lose their cellphones every year .
the rangers had won 72 straight games at home when leading after eight innings .
farmers in iowa , a top ethanol producer , say the goals are achievable .
u.s. attorney bill edwards said tuesday he would not comment on lewis ' letter .
some passengers used cell phones to make goodbye calls to spouses and family members .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 20.49 gmt on friday 1 january 2010 .
they are talking out of both sides of their mouth ! " he said .
they were going for 150 dollars a night , nearly double the normal rate .
netanyahu has called on palestinian president mahmoud abbas to resume negotiations immediately without preconditions .
i swapped pears for apples as i adore the classic pear and chocolate combination .
in the last assembly election he topped the poll with more than 7,000 votes .
instead he was aiming to wrench the ball free and head into open space .
harkat was released on bail in june 2006 because of delays in his deportation .
the commission said it did not have " retrospective powers " in this case .
the al central has chicago , but even there the division can 't win .
sport is , in fact , more remarkable for its niceness than its nastiness .
oh , and we 'd note that the model seems to be going swimmingly .
when you throw in low costs , it 's a film producer 's dream .
they might look expensive on day one , but there will be good returns .
a reading above that is bullish , while a reading below it is bearish .
he joined the board of directors of the company on september 22 , 2009 .
but this is too important to just walk away from , " he said .
however , the empty ones are more sturdy , " bolliger said by e-mail .
the commerce department said construction spending fell by a larger-than-expected 1.2 percent in october .
sophie butler reveals what entitlements exist for passengers forced to wait around at airports .
q : who would you rather be marooned with at the earth 's core ?
but the security forces showed their professionalism by making sure the election was peaceful .
with the new cuts , boeing has reduced its workforce by 2,000 this year .
a place where the boss led by instinct , where authenticity was what counted .
a 47-year-old man was arrested and is currently in custody at barnstaple police station .
but he does mirror the face of an aging and crumbling italian-american crime empire .
the unnamed master and the sleeping chief officer both held russian certificates of competency .
for those who need shelter the most , these houses are out of reach .
surgery on an elbow followed and he had not subsequently played a test match .
aris is in fifth place with 43 points , five behind fourth-place aek athens .
" this guy , he lives in the real war , the real battle .
it was the third attack on a candidate or campaign official in six days .
still , as this suggests , dominance remains very much nylon 's to lose .
thomas vanekʼs 21st at 13 : 02 of the third was buffaloʼs only goal .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.02 gmt on sunday 31 january 2010 .
detectives are checking national dna databases in an attempt to identify a new suspect .
after the january sales , they are expected to start putting up their prices .
plans for more affordable homes in two borders towns have been backed by councillors .
spokane valley , wa , june 18 / prnewswire-firstcall / - revett minerals inc .
shares in anglo plunged 11 per cent to £ 11.03 in early london trading .
russia has denied allegations in the past that its jets flew into georgian airspace .
these cousins may be biologically more compatible , the specialist genetics firm decode concluded .
the court hearing friday is to decide whether knox and sollecito remain in jail .
but it is widely accepted by israelis and palestinians that this is increasingly unlikely .
the consulate car carried tracy , her driver and a bodyguard , police said .
the yield on the 10-year gilt fell 14 basis points to 3.51 per cent .
a dna test of jenny and her mother came back with a positive match .
iran denies the allegation and says the program is for peaceful , energy production .
the winning entry will be given a developmental budget of up to £ 100,000 .
keep something larger , such as a horse , and the costs can soar .
so is palin , south and east , from lake wasilla to the potomac .
others agree , saying sotomayor is simply a reflection of the modern united states .
walter mondale lost to reagan in 1988 while clinton defeated bob dole in 1996 .
and he was soon to be proved right , in a manner of speaking .
that 's a mission i don 't believe is in our interest to support .
this is a big question that has been debated at length from many perspectives .
organisations have been asked to comment in the consultation which ends on 28 august .
ebrard vowed to remove any remaining vendors by force by the end of friday .
the international republican institute a think-tank , has released a poll charting afghan opinion .
if you hear tapping , tap back , or shout , " she says .
in this instance , the consequence is the florida and michigan delegates go unseated .
more than one-third of u.s. adults are obese and about half have abdominal obesity .
organic wine grew 13 percent to reach $ 80 million , the association estimates .
as i said , the best of the impoverished students are not the issue .
the iceni project , a charity which works with prostitutes , criticised the remark .
they are expected to go on trial later this year or early next year .
or maybe it just helped that he joined a team needing a running back .
but with limited government resources , the private sector ultimately will have to lead .
thailand , asia 's largest exporter of rice , said it may curb exports .
the fifteen finalists ' garments will be on display at the nov.12 awards ceremony .
families played in the sea and enjoyed themselves relaxing at the nearby reggae bar .
" you can 't castigate a player who is trying to do something positive .
well i got screwed up because i called a company and asked for help .
most of the high-wattage involvement started with celebrities e-mailing one another , wald said .
a treaty banning the weapon was signed 10 years ago - in december 1997 .
dog years are calculated as one human year being equivalent to seven canine years .
fact # 2 : fast wide players put opposition teams on the back foot .
the standard & poor 's 500 index lost 6.52 or 0.51 percent to 1,264.98 .
computer games are so attractive , it 's hard for the outdoors to compete .
soon , nonprofit groups and celebrities were trooping in to the clang the bell .
he said he planned to continue to try to spark debate on the topic .
is campbell just playing the " it was all gw 's fault " card ?
we 've already lost one generation - we can 't afford to lose another .
jackson hewitt shares closed at $ 5.84 wednesday on the new york stock exchange .
profit at newspaper publisher gannett fell 53 per cent , but still topped estimates .
economics editor larry elliott says he 'd have liked the government to be bolder .
so the lies that criminals have been released into the street is a lie .
it 's extremely well rounded , you could spend a good day out here .
after all , a declining currency suits them when the domestic economy is weak .
i 'd love your thoughts on how you think he 's doing so far .
the soundtrack to " madagascar : escape 2 africa " will be released nov .
led out of the courthouse through a back exit , they left without comment .
i can do something about trying to get more people on the bone-marrow registry .
daphne margaret sybil désirée park was born in 1921 and brought up in africa .
female athlete : cheryl ford , danica patrick , serena williams , venus williams .
it started life in 1962 as more of an " alternative " caravan park .
the dorm is not located on the main campus of the historically black college .
i mean , they 're going to be very divided before this is over .
i 'm south korea , and i 'm home to about 49 million people !
the female condoms went on sale in december , but sales have been slow .
but the treatment was nothing compared to that meted out to several eritrean journalists .
meanwhile , serena continues to play like a drain and is now 3-0 down .
therefore you are willfully choosing to ignore the threats and dangers to future generations .
sullenberger bristled at the suggestion that the plane deserved credit , arguing on nov .
he advised me to check in advance what sorts of discounts might be available .
the 22-year-old man being questioned is believed to be a relative of the johnsons .
was an effort made to study why the previous bay ridge greenmarket apparently failed ?
and the less dignity intact , the less stable any two-state deal will be .
seal beach is also lovely with there clean pier , restaurants & board walk .
how could they cope with the loss of jamie roberts and brian o 'driscoll ?
from exile he had suggested that a popular uprising would restore him to office .
for who should be indulging in a far more tub-thumping visit , almost simultaneously ?
or ... the list is growing , and your head is in the sand .
all i want is a refund for an item that i will gladly return .
1 , 1804 , and then had it printed over the next few months .
i 'm sure his mind will be solely focused on winning a test match .
the service will offer emergency help for patients and carers through two pilot projects .
the jury was told that the couple are currently going through a acrimonious divorce .
they have not yet communicated on the third , " webb said on sunday .
my main concern was for lisa who had lost an awful lot of blood .
ms maurice said that the firm expected to be profitable in its first year .
" i think bush gave us a sense of security during very difficult times .
the young actress found her groove opposite the actor by joking around a lot .
as kimberly dozier reports , it has been a long wait for his family .
" everything truly hinges on the medical examiner 's report , " he said .
the new york post reported the value of the suit at $ 90 million .
during the quarter , phoenix coal continued to significantly invest in new mobile equipment .
she added that washington believed some of the weapons were coming from northern sudan .
he may be a neocon , but the train wreck has historically been bipartisan .
by the time i got home i felt like throwing away my walking boots .
i think we have some exciting times ahead of us , " he said .
" this will not lead to complete and just peace , " he said .
most people of course don 't see even these issues through an ideological lens .
that , my friends , is the true lesson to take from this anniversary .
the new facility will also feature a race control centre and a media centre .
a post-mortem examination revealed that she died from trauma to her head and neck .
sterling , va . , march 25 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- neustar , inc .
you see , mother does know best -- though she must be well informed .
" active euthanasia means asking a doctor to administer death , " she said .
" i think he 's too damn young , " karpinski said in march .
west sussex county council said it had no comment to make at the moment .
there is also an extra £ 3m to help deliver an alcohol action plan .
the system bought up many independent practices , adding 200 doctors to its payroll .
it currently holds a quarter of the $ 5 trillion of the mbs market .
the furor over the licenses , they said , threatened to cripple his agenda .
" it is a lot of money in the negative , " he said .
i will reiterate what i wrote in the post that did not get published .
bodies should be cleaned and buried as soon as possible , the ministry advised .
it is touted as the world 's first arena built exclusively for table tennis .
the work by university of southern mississippi researchers is reported in the journal science .
fukumori , sources said , appears to have around eight or 10 teams interested .
come on hungry , you can do better than that ...............
-- is regulated by the state bar of california and nevada ( see mr.
that led a comscore competitor to announce that it would stop providing page-view-based rankings .
those trying to intimidate female candidates also use their families as a pressure point .
the air accident investigation branch ( aaib ) returned to the scene on monday .
a waste amnesty led to 4,300 electrical goods being collected in a lancashire resort .
the international replay number is ( 706 ) 645-9291 , with above conference id .
the researchers found that the mice with two mothers were significantly lighter and smaller .
the participants were divided into three intervention groups and a no contact control group .
that is what was said of the ira before secret talks began with them .
he said london would make the case in paris on saturday for tougher sanctions .
in their view intellectual-property rights have to be upheld to induce firms to innovate .
so i would say he had sanctuary mansion , not just sanctuary city . ...
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.13 gmt on monday 1 february 2010 .
authorities told the newspaper sell was " possibly on drugs " during the rampage .
" there 's many people i work with and they know i am determined .
rbs lost £ 24.1bn in 2008 - the largest loss in uk corporate history .
i don 't mind if it is wladimir or vitali , " he added .
her husband of 27 years mervyn l. jones , sr. preceded her in death .
delta has said that the two pilots ' groups will be merged into one .
ford is the weakest automaker financially in this year 's round of contract talks .
president bush was " very disappointed , " his spokesman , tony fratto said .
crawford equaled his season 's best showing , making 10-of-14 shots from the field .
stanford says her attackers were caught the same day as the attack and arrested .
meanwhile , back on mont cavalier , the unit 's rear hq was overrun .
i then have dinner with a friend from new york at harry 's bar .
the officers are not police but can direct drivers to slow down or stop .
imagine a rodent that weighed a ton and was as big as a bull .
uefa president michel platini announces vision to curb debt among europe 's top clubs .
at that point , abbott said , he needed to make a big change .
the bodies of his mother and half brother then were discovered in their home .
" hopefully , he [ ferguson ] will see liverpool as a new contender .
he made it clear he was skeptical of many of the government 's arguments .
new zealand rugby player doug howlett has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage .
this team has been here since december , and their work is painstakingly slow .
any answer to that question , said the scientists , would be pure conjecture .
they asked me about other group members - for their phone numbers and addresses .
just how efficient is the borrowing machine of which so much is being demanded ?
duke is now the favorite to win the national title , according to sportsbook.com.
" there have been many ceasefires before and the israelis have never kept them .
the report contains the sum and substance of relevant facts uncovered during our investigation .
despite their illegal status , those immigrants found steady jobs in factories and landscaping .
the shipping sector was badly hit on expectations that exports would continue to decline .
andre-pierre gignac got two in france 's regulation 5-0 win over the faroe islands .
the court ruled in favor of white firefighters who said they were discriminated against .
hillary 's plan while not the best is womewhat better kucinich had it right .
those of us gathered here tonight have been called to govern in extraordinary times .
so he quit his job as a television editor and volunteered to plant trees .
if most television networks can have talk shows featuring celebrities , why not youtube ?
19 min villa have responded well to that scandal , and are still pressing .
we also look forward to receiving the president of south africa next year . ...
this is not a news show or a gossip show or a tabloid show .
at the outset the syndicate were up against hundreds of thousands of other hopefuls .
the design for a replacement is likely to come from either renault or nissan .
the new prices will apply to about one-third of the retailer 's over-the-counter medicines .
the sheriff made similar threats seven years ago when told to trim his budget .
right now , the economic climate for artists in this country looks particularly bleak .
there are 100 people , and they 've been up since before 6 a.m.
outside the pro shop was a row of bespoke golf carts owned by members .
sales of the policies are believed to earn lenders around £ 4bn a year .
it may actually make you feel happier than a square of godiva chocolate would !
and he also lambasted balkan countries for succumbing to outside pressure and recognising kosovo .
officials at cleveland elementary school notified authorities about the possible drug use last week .
" i 'm going to go out there and play the best i can .
each panel measures about six inches by two inches by about one-eighth inch thick .
the final question is : what are the policy priorities of the democratic party ?
as soon as the n.f.l. draft ends sunday , the judging will commence .
he was a keen everton fan and his murder shocked the city of liverpool .
councillors have voted to give the go-ahead to a hydro-electric power scheme in perthshire .
but they do not drill , explore or refine the oil and process gas .
they studied 47 animated feature length disney films , released between 1937 and 2006 .
real madrid have decided to dispense with the services of sporting director predrag mijatovic .
i like the freshness , the nakedness , the sheer unlikelihood of these engagements .
pierre garcon and austin collie couldn 't catch third-down passes to keep drives going .
the spat escalated and gibbs met with network executives in his office last fall .
the legislation has dominated the race between democrat martha coakley and republican scott brown .
after all , who will be there to beat simon cowell when he misbehaves ?
police will be on hand to ensure protests do not spill over into violence .
it really sounded like he was trying so hard to make non-commital vague statements .
" i think [ tv rights ] will be competitive , " he says .
this would require less subsidy , but it , too , seems almost impossible .
tyler police have arrested two teens accused of conspiring to kill her foster father .
san diego 's talent may be too much for tennessee 's tenuous playoff hopes .
in the road & track test it beat the ferrari enzo in the slalom .
but these scenarios are not uncommon in the life of swat doctors like ciraulo .
one of the main suspects seen in the pictures is yet to be arrested .
mr. eagle said he had gotten the idea for the penthouse on a trip .
he had a blood-alcohol level of .126 , above florida 's .08 legal limit .
but i don 't think this will be of any comfort to him . )
the move is to be introduced for those applying this autumn for 2009 courses .
pacers fans will have a great deal of say in whether the team stays .
it was tactics not strategy , " says a member of his inner circle .
but in the quebec region , very few places have access to air transport .
players navigate through a 360 degree landscape using the onscreen flight controls and accelerometer .
thai media reported both side firing guns , and the use of small bombs .
around the world , workers are demanding help from the state with increasing panic .
the program implicitly points to how google 's research agenda has evolved and expanded .
snow and rainwater seep into cracks , and during cold snaps the water freezes .
griffey , 38 , recently hit the 600th home run of his 20-year career .
washington--senate energy and natural resources committee hearing on greenhouse gas trading program .
that was claimed by a previously unknown group calling itself the sect of revolutionaries .
he wanted to make sure the viewer would ask : and what happened next ?
it added that it had not passed on these rising costs to its customers .
here 's where to go and how to get there with your sanity intact .
with only two hours to spare i picked a 30-mile circuit starting at deddington .
detectives with the broward county sheriff 's office have been unable to interview brewer .
wearing a protective suit , dr. moller conducted simple bird counts throughout the zone .
the european central bank praised greece 's third savings package in as many months .
in the massachusetts case , dr. paul rosenberg received a bomb that never detonated .
half the 700 people who lived in myo 's village have died or disappeared .
i have made it a forty year habit of buying stocks on the dips .
countrywide has been trying to sell it for months , at ever lower prices .
mrs williams told the newspaper : " they wheeled me in to see them .
mr major tracked him down and he was made to return the stolen goods .
tell that to the owners of christian book stores , killed and burned down .
the red tires have more grip but are designed to wear out more quickly .
ramirez sent the first pitch from davis just over the wall in right center .
" i swear i have had nothing to eat since yesterday " she cried .
it was heavily laden and eventually reported stolen from a west london car park .
this year , four of the five , including einstein , met their marks .
can you recommend a decent place to get a really good burger in manhattan .
jenson has beaten him in 10 of the 15 races so far this year .
conservative talk show host rush limbaugh energizes crowd of supporters in cpac keynote speech .
baylor ( 25 ) vs texas ( 10 ) , 1 : 45 p.m.
school officials said there will be counselors early monday morning for students and staff .
could you double-check the math to be certain there 's been no mistake ? "
the violence that has scarred the country since miss bhutto 's assassination may intensify .
goodwin is president of the group , which is based in marietta , georgia .
the game was delayed 17 minutes because of a power failure in the stands .
harvey herschel korman was born february 15 , 1927 , in chicago , illinois .
paris ( ap ) - from behind prison bars , the view never changes .
we 'll just have to settle for the jonas brothers , who are performing .
woods , who started two behind mickelson , faded with an error-strewn front nine .
it is not to be believed , because believable things have usually occurred before .
" it 's not a good idea just to mooch , " says coppard .
the findings are detailed in the september issue of the journal of health psychology .
mr. rushton has nearly 20 years ' experience in the mining and exploration industry .
pit _ holmes 43 pass from roethlisberger ( reed kick ) , : 31 .
on saturday , trade unions and employers joined calls for changing the voting system .
a whopping 60 percent of the votes were cast in favor of the amendment .
the clinic was operating out of an open shelter next to a semi-collapsed house .
stephens stole the idea of wearing uniforms and using vehicles as marketing from ups .
but he says another worker who likes to spread tall tales buried it there .
british voters , sadly , have no such option on offer from our parties .
in four of the cases , investigators concluded the baby 's mother was infected .
squares , stripes or wide joints of turf make great patterns within paving slabs .
any toxins that you intake can be flushed out and maybe prevent a headache .
rodeo , a personal trainer of indeterminate age , has a bodybuilder 's physique .
however , he later decided to stop talking to authorities , the sources said .
they also allegedly tried to sell the images of the attack caught on cctv .
the input itself will in general be multidimensional ( supposedly unidimensional in logic ) .
their hollywood publicists had requested seats to the show , which is on wednesday .
it is that in our backyard all three did in less than four years .
but can newspapers also influence public opinion based on their coverage of economic matters ?
cypriots drove around the city honking their horns , waving flags and lighting flares .
my coffee life began at age 6 mos. on my father 's knee .
it is amazing to contrast haiti with their immediate neighbor , the dominican republic .
with anyone else such a remark could be safely be discounted as florid exaggeration .
ms estemirova had been investigating human rights abuses in chechnya for the memorial group .
" the stress is a positive thing in such situations , " he said .
at the moment russia rents its main cosmodrome , baikonur , from ex-soviet kazakhstan .
militant separatist groups have been fighting indian forces since 1989 to end indian rule .
she passed away on a trolley in the hospital 's accident and emergency department .
the mayor vehemently denies everything , and so far he 's kept his job .
religion in america is now similar to a mix ' n match value menu .
uzomah was charged after he attacked one of seacrest 's bodyguards outside an event .
i went to guatemala and drove up and down mountains looking for great textiles .
mccain should be specific on just how we should " pull the trigger . "
somali coastal waters are known to be among the most hazardous in the world .
the iditarod field this year is down from a record 96 teams in 2008 .
" what have we become , if we can release a terrorist like this ?
however , the prosecution claimed rhodes spied on his former partner before attacking her .
no one would give their money to someone they didn 't think could win .
his day ended with a st. patrick 's day reception at the white house .
but they 've been doubted all season and won 't seem to go away .
choose personal-care products wisely , opting for those with fewer , less toxic ingredients .
british transport police said mr brown was a " loving husband of marilyn . "
his highs and lows are no higher and no lower than anybody else 's .
obama took no questions after reading a statement that lasted just under four minutes .
but when he went to open the trunk , he found walter hiding inside .
we didn 't want that -- we wanted a kind of visual explosion . "
at £ 4.50 a pop , this is the second-best bargain in the restaurant .
another human rights lawyer said he had also spoken to mr gao on sunday .
whether they will all be here in five years is by no means certain .
how do you give enough time and attention to eight -- never mind 14 ?
aberdeen manager jimmy calderwood agrees everything should be done to help scotland 's cause .
like all business success , innovative success is based on matching capabilities to market .
she also warned the british courts took the dumping of hazardous waste very seriously .
the kid , a ranch hand , was aligned with one of the factions .
my parents and i immigrated to washington heights in ' 93 with no money .
the park gets the best-looking ones , colored green to fade into the background .
casting mike myers and pal eli roth ( director of hostel ) is self-indulgent .
no one was hurt and hasselstrom now faces charges of assault and attempted escape .
a final round of 67 proved enough to see off finland 's ursula wikstrom .
officers seized carlos gomes junior early on thursday , before releasing him hours later .
" we typically look at things on a per-passenger basis , " says ferraguto .
in january the bank was ordered to pay damages and install a platform lift .
the forces have a number of joint operations including a combined major crime unit .
the cash numbers for both the republicans and democrats are remarkable and record setting .
edf 's positive noises suggest that there is still a chance of a deal .
and yet , somehow , it didn 't stop mr. aldridge and mr. garfein .
officers described the suspect as a black man wearing dark clothing and a bandana .
sir ken says : " independence is absolutely critical to public trust in prosecutors .
lowery also urged japan to do more to prove its openness to foreign investment .
anne arundel and calvert counties permit the machines as commercial enterprises in certain circumstances .
police say they believe mumbai has never lost so many officers in its history .
he 's turned stem cells into nerves and helped heal animals with spinal injury .
it takes time and a lot of hard work to stay at that level .
but the most dramatic changes are visible on the business side of the game .
the launch was delayed over and over , and then he had to pee .
they 're just not ready to move on it yet , " li said .
the state hands out opiates willy-nilly and has given up any thought of abstinence .
another factor , though , is that going deep just hasn 't been necessary .
uc last year accepted 72 % of its freshman applicants and nearly half enrolled .
i wanted to conquer the world with what we did , " wright said .
how could a marching band have forgotten two dozen twirling batons and a trombone ?
from a valuation perspective , stocks are a bit more expensive this time around .
radio : bbc radio 5 live sports extra , bbc radio 4 long wave .
but by last week there were yells of protest at some of the proposals .
i wonder if i would ask my own wife to do the same thing .
ramirez arrived about five hours before thursday night 's game against the houston astros .
amy goldsmith , the state director of the new jersey environmental federation , agreed .
soldier of love retraces the lush melancholy that has epitomised the 51-year-old 's career .
mrs brown is claiming that the move discriminates against her and other disabled people .
he added that he had not been interested in working for ping 's company .
he said the observers would be deployed initially across areas controlled by georgian forces .
was he really , as mcg says , gung-ho to shoot that everyone-dies ending ?
a few months later , boris paid the fines and moved permanently to switzerland .
but if response to threat is a part of personality , what determines personality ?
" and this strategic framework has sections on security that go beyond missile defense .
right-click here and click " save target / link as ... " to download .
" you may lose around 20 % as the price of getting it cleaned .
hamann , 34 , lost his licence after his porsche crashed into a fence .
and while very few footballers take drugs , a huge number of them cheat .
just months ago the factory was set to produce a record number of cars .
people holding personal budgets say they have changed their lives in many positive ways .
however , there are reports of divisions within the administration on how to proceed .
the spokesman also said it is unclear what will happen to the returned trailers .
what about the idiot obama foisted on us that is now the vp ? ?
kroes told it to cut it out , and pay up within three months .
open party primaries in the us have not suffered from manipulation by rival activists .
a house in greater manchester has been destroyed by a fire during the night .
trash the competition and use the temporary power of democratic government to do this .
the trail begins right where highway 560 ends , at ha 'ena state park .
however , complaints about payment protection insurance nearly tripled , to just over 31,000 .
mr. karnes , she said , is 50 and graduated from harvard in 1979 .
but it 's hard to imagine that any are quite as eccentric as indietracks .
indeed , this simplicity is part of the reason home-baked rye is so good .
slim got mexicoʼs nationwide cell-phone license after backing president carlos salinas ( 1988-94 ) .
" are we going to be on the same page on every single bill ?
where many of us see something that is ugly , even repulsive . . .
today we ask different questions of history and i think we get better answers .
by august 26 the affair was accelerating and they were back in room 629 .
these plans seek to mitigate some of the dangers exposed by the financial crisis .
bless his heart for making time for our soldiers who are dying in afghanistan .
prime minister yousuf raza gilani has strongly condemned the attack , official media reported .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.21 bst on monday 12 october 2009 .
the value of their loans will be better protected if they take collective decisions .
" this is the saddest day in the history of democracy in this country .
but even these will all use roughly the same route , says analyst strong .
" colossus " may have something to teach us about the current financial crisis .
the fast-food restaurant chain posted first-quarter earnings that topped estimates of wall street analysts .
a carmarthenshire teenager who sparked a police hunt after going missing has been found .
haynesworth signed a seven-year , $ 100 million contract with washington in the offseason .
their trip to paris for the french open last month hardly ended in style .
the afterglow of the champions league triumph over chelsea in 2008 afforded an opportunity .
mr morgan also said he had no knowledge of the allegations against liam adams .
our continued testing proved that movies were first rate over the hfi-2200s as well .
once home , i might well have chucked the food in the trash bin .
new york is receiving $ 24.6 billion over two years in federal economic stimulus .
" we think we only stand to gain from this , " she said .
the latest pirate attacks come at a particularly challenging time for the shipping industry .
by trip 's end , though , the pastor had been doing some thinking .
lauren rees has a good diet - plenty of calcium and no fizzy drinks .
but immigration alone is not the issue that is driving support for the bnp .
i 've always been a policy guy , always will be a policy guy .
outside the courtroom , a pro-wilders demonstrator shouted far-right slogans until police removed him .
john matthews , from fleetwood rnli , said : " the conditions were terrible .
tickets for 3-d movies typically cost a few dollars more than the 2-d version .
" it 's brought people together , " hank iii said of the exhibit .
south holland district council said they expected the development to attract shoppers and investment .
donkeys may first have been domesticated in ancient egypt around 3,000bc , research suggests .
caterpillar net up on sales outside u.s. chicago ( reuters ) - caterpillar inc .
we are a long way from " mesuring " and / or predicting this .
homes are assessed at 70 percent of their fair market value for tax purposes .
the house legislation proposes various categories of court intervention and oversight of electronic surveillance .
the amounts could change by the end of the year , the bank said .
the discovery was made by marine biologists monitoring the sea bed in the bahamas .
victor greenwood , who was 47 , drowned in the river exe on tuesday .
fellow engineers hasten to assure their distraught colleagues that they were not to blame .
the resulting pressure causes veins to expand like balloons and become tortuous or twisted .
but defeat left fulham second-bottom and facing a fight to maintain their top-flight status .
it also revised its may figure to show a decline instead of slight growth .
the other winner has not gone public but is believed to be from ireland .
one of those situations could be the study of online networks , kleinberg said .
special meeting is september 19 , 2008. consulting services to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies .
but the discovery of spain seems uncertain as to what its theme really is .
shares represent the percentage of all homes with tvs in use at the time .
the us must commit to an agreement that can be approved by the senate .
initially , quality data will be available only to each hospice organization and medicare .
scrutiny can eventually penetrate the thickest of corporate skins , as rio tinto discovered .
she claims that she is being silenced because of her opposition to the president .
too many republican officials said nothing about the real and implied threats to democrats .
minaya said he would " like to think " that rubin accepted his apology .
calls to segall and gabriel by the associated press were not immediately returned wednesday .
but , you can make up your own mind ; i know i have .
but there is still a point , there are important points around learning here .
i would think this is almost a pleasant environment for him to play in .
the birds would wait until the lizard had moved away from its burrow entrance .
prestt grove and cornwallis road have been closed while officers deal with the incident .
examinations of taxpayers who earned more than $ 10 million increased by 8.5 percent .
that still looked under par on a flat wicket as india cruised to 71-1 .
london ( ap ) - china made itself right at home atop the podium .
it is very stark between the rich north and the poor south of italy .
it will mean waiting for an mri for your child following a head injury .
6 wooten , wj , price w. consensus report of the national medical association .
( in a previous skit , ms. poehler had played hillary rodham clinton . )
on monday , mr justice roderick murphy said mr presho should get 46,000 euros .
pizzotti threw for 316 yards and his 27 attempts were also a career best .
by 1987 the country had sunk miserably into " least developed country " status .
some of them have never been near a horse before , " he says .
in the most recent campaign , both parties did especially well among young austrians .
goldman sachs has the biggest private equity and hedge funds businesses of any bank .
he was a member of the small militant group called the islamic struggle movement .
even in its traditional mode , bull breeding is a slow , hit-or-miss business .
cowher was not helped by quarterback ben roethlisberger 's motorcycle accident during the off-season .
if i had chosen to be a surgeon i 'd be in big trouble .
tracfone and the others argue that federal laws protect their trademarks and copyrighted software .
in some cases it lies between the bedroom and a morning cup of tea .
it said many people had not received the right advice at the right time .
suggestions include driving a truck into a crowded place or shooting into a restaurant .
the first is that governments should not bail out bankers for their irresponsible behaviour .
in 1996 there were fewer than 1 billion fixed-line and mobile phone subscribers altogether .
abhinav bindra has taken india 's first gold medal and we are all overjoyed .
you may be encouraging sloppiness , which would only cause problems by bad precedent .
on saturday lewis will attempt to break pittsburgh steelers quarterback ben roethlisberger in two .
a patient has died after getting lost and trapped in an abandoned hospital wing .
more acts will be announced later , with an expected total of 100-plus bands .
nor do they condone people trying to steal ducks or geese from the lake .
i can 't remember being this happy and this content , " said edmonds .
had sandra day o 'connor been there , it would have been a majority .
elaine goldman had just returned home from a disappointing cruise experience on royal caribbean .
but the average figure when the 13th fell on a friday was just 7,500 .
ellsworth said he is still looking for " some kind of new direction . "
purdue again was no. 11 , followed by oklahoma , memphis and tennessee .
more than 1,200 people were questioned across the uk in january for the research .
the information enables schoenfeld and his team to design better armour for army vehicles .
it all leads to the same thing - a lot of happy liverpool supporters .
the georgian army says it has quashed a mutiny that it blames on russia .
actually , the obama campaign is running ( in part ) against sarah palin .
his support attracted official harassment that forced rostropovich to flee to paris in 1974 .
jamar diggs , with 13 points , was the high-point man for the terriers .
shares of radioshack closed at $ 10.82 monday on the new york stock exchange .
cleveland rose from 27th at $ 1.48 million to 18th at $ 2.54 million .
also under consideration : limited saturday service to deliver mail-order prescription drugs to consumers .
i had no idea it was anything but a conventional novel about normal things .
the attorney general 's office must submit its briefs on the case next tuesday .
greenland 's official site posts speeches and announcements in commemoration of its self-government day .
mr raoult yesterday conceded that the term " devoir de reserve " was inappropriate .
the bomb was set on a crowded street near a fruit market in herat .
then , one struck a chime and a hush descended over the 12-seat bar .
when faa inspectors blew the whistle in march 2007 , gawadzinski was their superior .
but the determination to hold the plebiscite also points to an even darker irony .
it took $ 128 million -- from government , corporate donors and foundation grants .
people by and large don 't want to buy a company going through bankruptcy .
few people manage to live up to their titles as spectacularly as dame shirley .
pampered pups from the upcoming westminster kennel club dog show are treated like royalty .
made from non-biodegradable metal or plastic derivatives , they are not for the carbon-conscious .
interior ministry spokesman maj. gen. abdul-karim khalaf , however , said 11 were killed .
the harvard program will start in the fall of 2010 with just 25 students .
the state has scheduled additional furlough days for july 6 and 24 , aug .
the agency is convening on wednesday the third of three workshops on the issue .
after a while they begin to expect special treatment and favors wherever they go .
the words " handicapped " and " disabled " are not new to garr .
the woman was restu imasari kusumaningrum , an indonesian theater and dance mask performer .
cnn : where did you start when you set out to make this film ?
heath ledger has said that he 's not too fazed by the media spotlight .
fox-32 amy freeze 's smile came in second , with 28 percent of votes .
its main aim is to help to promote a healthy tenant sector in scotland .
if the contract was fullfilled , hollywood doesnt owe the kids a penny more .
the postal service is a dying delivery method that needs to be shut down ?
here , they would dine on terrapin soup , roast pheasant and rum-plum pudding .
" before brian left for home i thanked him for developing jamie so much .
the ny times should be ashamed of themselves for spreading these " rumors . "
it was one of the ground rules when we established tournaments in the region .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.15 bst on tuesday 13 april 2010 .
on may 12 , the attorney general 's office ruled against holding the vote .
instead it will take a cut of the final selling price , it said .
i mean , who does that other than a 4-year-old going , " mom .
clean the lobster 's cavity , remove the gills , and cut into quarters .
increasingly , employers are linking participation in wellness programs with employee health insurance costs .
another year of spending the next generations funding for today 's " goodies . "
a man has been jailed for two years after trying to stab a policewoman .
" we cannot follow the same policies that led to such imbalanced growth .
the lawsuit states the unpaid fees are from cigarettes sold in tennessee in 2009 .
one fan waved a spanish flag with " vamos rafa " scrawled across it .
nearly 40 percent of the players originally selected for the game didn 't play .
" a lot of this is payback time because we defeated them on privatisation .
a much larger clinical trial was planned for later this year , gilbert said .
i am certainly glad that i don 't have a toyota in my driveway !
she was a sexually inexperienced girl and she sustained a blow to the head .
" it looks like it was made for the beach , " one gushed .
an appellate court in trenton will hear oral arguments this month in the case .
argentina insists that this time it will use peaceful means to press its case .
ron spoke for the club , for the owner , and the players listened .
he 's been working hard and looks ready to go , " said hanks .
in the 2003 world cup they played pakistan on a balmy saturday night there .
comment : when you do stories about adoption , you never speak to adoptees .
for these purposes , maya priests use a 260-day calendar called the short count .
mexican marines on december 17 guard the complex where arturo beltran leyva was killed .
they were 3-for-20 behind the arc against the clippers , who were 3-for-17 . ...
in a separate incident , three young palestinian men die in a gaza airstrike .
hoping not for a row of stakes but conversions , pole focused on preaching .
like david hockney , she is also a passionate champion of smokers ' rights .
the judge said : " he deliberately and voluntarily absented himself from his trial .
because after owens and fellow starter patrick crayton , dallas has ... not much .
people in finland and ashkenazi jews are other groups marked by the founder effect .
health minister edwina hart said she was " determined " to address the issue .
state-wise solar pv targets too have led to increasing demand for solar pv systems .
losses could reach $ 400 billion worldwide , according to the most pessimistic forecasts .
winners are sometimes encouraged to make themselves available for media interviews that generate publicity .
that 's 8.6 percent lower than the 246,083 disclosed in its 2008 annual report .
ian westwood and jeetan patel will make their first championship appearances of the season .
police said the stiletto penetrated the eye socket and touched the victim 's brain .
but even some supporters fear the making of cameron could yet prove his unmaking .
he comes from the software world and isn 't a licensed real estate broker .
microsoft has made a big push into business intelligence in the last two years .
the landing also took place in 1996 , not 1995 as mr clinton said .
their eggs failed to hatch , and all 2,000 chicks died in their shells .
what advice does cnn 's christine romans offer to this year 's holiday shoppers ?
brokers pushing the investments received $ 72 million in commissions , the agency said .
and the study results point to excess consumption as much as to product ingredients .
have fun on your safari through the terms of use legalese to find it .
" what you have is people beginning to think about issues that really matter .
but on closer examination , it is a pale imitation of the real thing .
the rays are 29-13 since the all-star game break and were 21-7 in august .
however , mr sean said he could not guarantee there would be no reaction .
i should have been the one crying , but i didn 't have time .
the nintendo ds , ipods , and ugg boots also made the top ten .
interviews always used to be the norm and arrangement of a loan was free .
a woman has been sexually assaulted by a man in an alley in cambridgeshire .
after some low-impact years for her professionally , this autumn scott thomas is back .
school officials say a letter will be sent home to parents explaining what happened .
instead , it has concentrated on scientific missions and on contributing to the iss .
what i love about nightlife in leeds is that everything is so close together .
he was the one who took the grief and emil handed it to barack .
yahoo said that the programs would begin to make their debuts in several months .
however , both men have drawn heavily on their early years in their campaigns .
five of the australian act 's albums returned to the local chart this week .
that expert acknowledges that rebecca riley had pneumonia when she died in december 2006 .
velosa was studying philosophy at manchester university and training part-time to become a pilot .
it seems clear that fault extends far beyond the individuals involved in the case .
these many years later there is still a lot more progress to be made .
" i 've fought for the last 10 years with ( rising ) rents .
q : you have worked with some of the best chefs in the world .
they claim they would not receive a fair trial and that they face torture .
seven house democrats voted against the bill , and no republicans voted for it .
the region 's largest employer , the federal government , will be closed monday .
again , don 't let your political beliefs interfere with your knowledge of science .
kirk forced the second overtime when his tip-in at the buzzer made it 76-all .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.40 bst on saturday 10 april 2010 .
it shot down a mock ballistic missile by firing two pac-3 missiles in succession .
women who wanted insurance coverage for abortion would have to buy a separate policy .
signallers and white-collar workers on the railways plan four days of disruption after easter .
armed men hijacked two vehicles as disturbances flared in co armagh over the weekend .
i was on a public road , though , so i had to behave .
district workers have repaved and painted crosswalks on the parade route along pennsylvania avenue .
' he ' is the actor darren le gallo , her boyfriend since 2002 .
sun played 10 games with the lakers , scoring six points in 28 minutes .
some 56,000 of those came from muslim countries , including 32,500 from arabic-speaking countries .
sadly the price was too high , " said avignon 's mayor marie-josee roig .
add the star anise , sichuan peppercorns , chilli and stock and season lightly .
" nobody makes a movie based on their talent alone , " he says .
mathieu schneider had two goals for the ducks and giguere finished with 23 saves .
richard hills said many were costing far in excess of tickets ' face value .
the yield on the 10-year gilt rose 12 basis points to 3.44 per cent .
less successful , but still acclaimed , was the demon eyes poster in 1996 .
oh , and they did not raise my wife when she was a child .
should we devote so much attention to this ugly abstract noun " recession " ?
bryant university accepted an invitation to join the n.c.a.a. division i northeast conference .
the figure doubled from 2008 , with americans falling prey to increasingly sophisticated scams .
there may be no bigger disparity in a sports payoff between first and second .
" i now have an email address and also can communicate through the internet .
some guys can wolf down a bag of doritos and not gain an ounce .
officials have wide regulatory discretion and companies avoid saying anything that might prompt retaliation .
the home affairs minister said he was waiting to be approached by about it .
meanwhile , hunt also got involved in the debate about ageism at the bbc .
the hardy succulent 's colorful shooting stalks add a grace note to any garden .
i have been a lifelong democrat and i have had enough of gutter politics .
with my mom around to help , i was able to stop my binges .
the signs are getting clearer for those trying to predict the future of flying .
he studied law at the university of zambia , entering private practice in 1974 .
they have moved in with tracy 's father because their house was foreclosed on .
measurements from these promptly reduced the risk of its hitting the earth to zero .
some fear this integral part of the county 's history is now lost forever .
on thursday they set fire to the u.s. embassy in the serbian capital belgrade .
boston led 60-43 when atlanta scored the next 11 points to pull within six .
separately , two civilians were wounded in an explosion in sharban , northeastern baghdad .
a lower back strain has meant he has only finished four tournaments this year .
" much hangs in the balance , including our votes , " murguia said .
it lists all 114 republicans that opposed the stimulus but took the money anyway .
bhatt , of broom lane , rotherham , denies seven counts of sexual assault .
insurgents have ignored a curfew imposed thursday in an effort to quell the violence .
around the streets of harare , the news came as a shock to many .
police refused to comment on the incident or mr harvey 's mental health condition .
it is better , he said , to be conventionally wrong than unconventionally right .
microsoft had " capped out " its contribution to the project , he explains .
kent would get nothing if he resigns , which is what several lawmakers want .
humans care more about whether others try to help than if they actually succeed .
pete helped organise 10,000-strong rallies at the site in the late 1970s and 1980s .
what " violent debate on gay rights in 1970s " ? ? ? ? ?
she was old-school protestant and totally against what my parents were trying to do .
like any relationship breakup , there is usually a good reason people say goodbye .
2 ) mr miliband is not damaged ( yet ) but is also ineffectual .
illnesses such as anorexia and bulimia are far more complex and deep-rooted than that .
i only encountered these subjects at university.even the questions on algebra are quite difficult .
last year the government introduced free off peak local bus travel for senior citizens .
the cost could be well over $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years .
if she had won , barack 's supports would have blamed it on racism .
gonzalez said he has been working in washington and living in miami since 1999 .
the news sent shares of the stockholm-based company tumbling to a three-and-a-half year low .
it is believed the guests would have been from the latvian and lithuanian communities .
these programs served 43.4 million meals last year , the greatest number ever recorded .
yet the accords do seem to have removed the main hurdle to the election .
excluding one-time items , the company said its loss was 45 cents per share .
" the fundamental conclusion is location , location , location , " he said .
the us said the expulsion of mr petrie was an insult and an outrage .
the open days program starts in may on long island and in new jersey .
now , he is saying they will be closer to $ 1 a share .
i 'm not saying we need lower taxes , i just want more transparency .
the producer price index rose 0.3 percent even excluding volatile energy and food prices .
federer improved to 18-2 against sixth-seeded roddick after their first career meeting on dirt .
available in sets of 10 or 12. serious organised crime agency. opportunities nationwide .
neither team scored on the power play with chicago going 0-for-4 and dallas 0-for-1 .
( cnn ) -- u.s. president barack obama won a battle against somali pirates .
he spent 10 years at providence and had a year left on his contract .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.36 bst on tuesday 30 march 2010 .
" no , i mean schoolwork comes first , " danny mccabe told sieberg .
whilst o2 have a monopoly on the iphone they can do what they want .
it has created many worldwide hits such as tomb raider and grand theft auto .
they don 't look at shopping as a recreation the way women do . "
now all that 's left is to see how this heavyweight fight takes shape .
notes : angels of bobby abreu sat out with a tight lower back . ...
his smile beams from his cardboard cutouts outside mcdonald 's establishments across the country .
" now , no one can live on the mountain , it is impossible .
yet here was something rare , a nature programme still with the wow factor .
she hopes to be able to attend college next year and major in nursing .
equally , players embarking on the winter season are often not up to speed .
if you can use a phone during an important presentation , what 's next ?
she promised to put the check in the mail to weisberg the next day .
" every encounter held the potential for a new friendship , " thiede said .
7 to determine if there is enough evidence to hold the three for trial .
bruce re-joined wigan in november 2007 after whelan agreed a compensation package with birmingham .
snowe , a moderate republican from maine , worked on the bill with baucus .
bob and i spent the next several hours looking , wishing we had binoculars .
that the two factions split somewhat along racial lines was also clear to stewart .
dear readers : how about a quick health exam you can give your dog ?
but travelers don 't care about the highly dynamic nature of pricing and availability .
so qualities of leadership , character and judgment play a larger role than usual .
us mortgage lender indymac collapses - the second-biggest bank in us history to fail .
he replaces jiang zemin , who steps down after 10 years in the post .
the u.s. currency continues to tumble , while gold and energy prices keep surging .
srg was particularly keen to hear their views on a proposed community wind farm .
the tight races will be interesting and i 'll look for the coverage here .
mrs. obama will officially kick off this service initiative on monday , june 22 .
asif ali zardari , pakistan 's president , has taken a big political gamble .
as his celebrity status rises george 's family are thrown into the public eye .
there is plenty of financial aid and student loans available to pay for college .
however , the mta board has not yet discussed what cuts might be made .
both governments have said their financial help for the sector will depend on restructuring .
we 've had a bit of luck - a wonderful header by big wright .
they have two children together -- chance , 11 , and cannon , 9 .
buying or legalising opium could undermine the country 's best hope : the market .
today the principal route through it is by road , along two parallel motorways .
salesforce.com also intends to sell customer support for google 's applications later this year .
he was a senior member of the nationalist bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) .
a reputable pool dealer will be sure to talk with you about pool safety .
the house passed the contempt citation by a 223-32 vote that most republicans boycotted .
maybe " civic duty " would be more appropriate in out politically correct society .
robbie rogers took a telephone call last week and could barely comprehend the news .
when her famous father left her as a child , jolie 's mother struggled .
as a new anglican with a sense of humor , i like this column .
billboard : you were ahead of the curve when it came to the internet .
the unemployment rate , which averaged 4.6 % last year , will move higher .
" i don 't want this operation to be handicapped by lack of money .
the recount process has only just begun and could take weeks or even months .
an in-depth ap review shows the total for the entire war exceeds 110,000 iraqis .
he didn 't answer right away , but then said , ' jennifer . '
clinton is second , followed by republican candidates mitt romney and sen. john mccain .
this is going to make baseball fans " -- meaning , create new ones .
now , thank god , i am fit and i 'm enjoying myself again .
30 , the company lost $ 832 million , or 66 cents per share .
she will attend a similar class at a morgue in june , berk said .
housewives would sobbed as they declared their love and devotion to the deep-throated jock .
another employee had to relocate his family after a london tabloid printed his address .
these are flashing lights that are powered by magnets fitted to your spoke wheels .
still , it 's not surprising that investors have been unwilling to step up .
" i don 't feel as if i have been coping - just existing .
robert cannon , president of the st. charles avenue association , can 't wait .
the tables are made of marble and the music is -- duh -- opera .
canadian rocker neil young , a bay area resident , attended the game . ...
but why should that be a problem when it never was in the past ?
u.s. investors appeared worried the bailout would not be enough to jump-start the economy .
other officials say the cause can only be determined after the ship is recovered .
you would need a transit or large van for that , " he said .
company director , amir attiq , told the bbc scotland news website what happened .
the exercises are designed to relieve mental stress , build stamina and enhance immunity .
irs spokesman anthony burke said monday that the agency does not yet have figures .
turkey 's friends inside the european union believe that history is on their side .
and he did , with fluid and unpredictable inspiration that stunned the chess world .
in 1992 , 17 % of democrats said they were " strongly " liberal .
what action is president obama taking with regard to federal oversight of financial institutions ?
the incident occurred in wind , the jury at milton keynes civic offices heard .
they didn 't care who got in their way , " said the chief .
the talk of the power of the revolutionary guard has been oversimplified by outsiders .
the irony is that the right undertakes to preserve our constitution by violating it .
in total 1,458 people responded to the mumsnet poll , including 562 pregnant women .
renaissance securities ( cyprus ) ltd. and ledgemont capital group are managing the offering .
his spokesman , jonathon dworkin , said friday that sestak stands by his comments .
she said mercer arrived at about 7.15pm but left with her son before 7.30pm.
rogge defended her participation saying she had paid the price for her doping offence .
when rbs took over natwest in 2000 , it took three years to integrate .
honorable mention goes to star and its " angelina pregnant again ! " cover .
a comedian , hurting in his own way , had lightened the mood again .
however , investors complained about they what they viewed as a lack of detail .
mr fielding said lsl was currently working on the launch of a repossessions arm .
the report calls for a complete review of listing practice in the crown court .
this piece of human debris formulated , planned , and executed a murder plot .
worst profile players do not respond well to pressure and are prone to hyper-aggression .
" so , you 're writing me off , huh ? " he teased .
the charity started out in the balkans but now operates all over the world .
in may , his successor brian cowen was elected and revelled in the celebrations .
perhaps the problem is that too many people perceive f1 drivers to be superstars .
i just could not put it together with my swing on the golf course .
he replied that he had enough energy to execute the senate elders as well .
but not all media outlets were so sure that china had been fully prepared .
the whole of london is no longer designated an area where it can operate .
work , for at least a day or two , may need to wait .
" people love to build a sexy new building , " ms. garonzik said .
mission control in houston , texas , immediately declared the six-hour walk a success .
shanahan signed a new $ 1 million contract with new jersey during the offseason .
the history is a story of unremitting human effort , not of eden-esque quietude .
" you gonna give lunch ? " asked one man in broken english .
the latest violence dealt another blow to a fragile unilateral cease-fire nkunda declared oct .
the suspects also had their faces covered with scarves and bandanas , police said .
porsche makes world 's largest paper profit as only buyer of shares in vw .
the company said it will request the judge to overturn the finding of infringement .
during the meeting , some of the students cheered or stood up and spoke .
mario , if you could just briefly explain to us how this all works .
with many distributors closing shop , video-on-demand services could play a key distribution role .
united lead the standings on goal difference from arsenal with both having 54 points .
the judge also recommended that sinja should be deported after serving his prison sentence .
if adults want to kill themselves off willingly for their religion ... let them .
the other two did not have obvious external wounds but were also apparently robbed .
the new york hotel 's suit is , of course , black on black .
it was critical of mi5 and the way it treats its own field agents .
they may also be more frustrated , more violent , and harder to control .
two of them have killed themselves and a third has shot his girlfriend dead .
the company said it would make a £ 10 payment to all affected customers .
they first assembled all the information available on each of the 240-detainees at guantanamo .
many of them were separated from immediate family with no way of finding them .
initial concepts call for care delivery models that will help mayo reach new patients .
fla _ caldwell 14 pass from tebow ( ijjas kick ) , : 37 .
cristiano ronaldo moaned and groaned and flung his arms about like a pantomime dame .
some trees in the park are believed to be up to 2,000 years old .
councillor steve wallis said the grant was good news for the residents of eastbourne .
casualties are political , and politicized , regardless of this or any policy ... .
the victory was the american league team 's 12th in the past 13 years .
such is life in major college football when good friends don different team colors .
now , he says , his church has 9,000 members and a global ministry .
over one four-day spell , € 2.5m in cash was withdrawn from the account .
you couldn 't be the head of three distinguished schools if you weren 't .
billboard : i remember hearing that you were working on an album of arias .
plans for a motorsport centre of excellence have been submitted to the scottish government .
finally , we are a nation where people are all in their proper places .
natalie portman will soon be entering a new chapter of her life -- motherhood .
but , since march , asset classes from stocks to commodities have soared again .
the charges included payments to clothing retailers and restaurants near their homes or office .
then they used a process known as rna-interference to " silence " the genes .
while streep got cheers for her performance , her co-star pierce brosnan got jeers .
" it 's a miracle i survived , " he told the daily mail .
he will not say whether he would ever send his children to private school .
with his fluent french he was a director of petrofina sa and banque belge .
the recommendation was made too soon and the shares slid immediately after being tipped .
there is no shower tray even , the water falls onto the bare floor .
east devon district - honiton st michaels : lib dem 636 , c 609 .
kluever and olds set out to find the best numbers for calculating spacecraft trajectories .
jassam has since been moved to the camp bucca detention center in southern iraq .
that court found the group was too loosely organized to meet the legal definition .
the moment 's that matter on the opening day of the second ashes test .
" eventually the aircraft was put on 429 a put it took 60 minutes .
it 's standard procedure that was put in place after the 2003 columbia disaster .
rural residents would have the choice to move to the outskirts of the city .
my critics never seemed to get to grips with that , " she explained .
the initiative trains volunteers to provide initial care to those waiting for emergency help .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad says he has no preference between the u.s. presidential candidates .
in other nymex trading , gasoline futures was steady at $ 1.18 a gallon .
the sweat lodge ceremony is meant to provide a spiritual cleansing , he said .
in addition , the american federation of government employees announced its support for obama .
lines were drawn in the political sand that both sides vowed never to cross .
game 6 never started saturday night and was rescheduled for 8 : 20 p.m.
i guess they have position where you 're face down , don 't they !
children under 18 years of age must be accompanied by a parent or guardian .
hossa was recovering from offseason shoulder surgery when detroit beat chicago 3-2 on oct .
or maybe you 're behind in your car payment or your health insurance premium .
the company has repaid the $ 10 billion in bailout aid it had received .
i knew i could do it properly if given the right kind of support .
it can be hard , instead , because the stakes couldn 't be higher .
justin told russian officials he was abused by the american family , astakhov said .
presently , diesel contains about 5 per cent biofuel and petrol 1 per cent .
publicly funded universities have no flexibility to offer more money to seal a deal .
the accident occurred just west of route 197 at about 11 : 30 a.m.
futures traders seem resigned , nonetheless , to new trading limits in some form .
most home haunters are motivated to make professional-looking props out of very affordable parts .
so long as there are seals , there are going to be polar bears .
he is fluent in english , french , spanish , german , and italian .
however , this does not necessarily mean that water from such sources is safe .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.21 gmt on monday 21 december 2009 .
henning said a rifle , handguns and camping equipment were found in the car .
d.c. police chief cathy lanier would not comment saturday on the imminent arrest reports .
he expects more than 100 athletes to participate at the one-day event in deerfield .
i modeled a little bit , and i did a bunch of music videos .
taurus ( april 20-may 20 ) : today , things go a bit crazy .
if the dressing is too puckery for you , add a drizzle of honey .
these changes in quotas were reflections of political realities that opec doesn 't control .
erwin and aleman persuaded him to seek treatment , but it didn 't take .
the day before , newspapers mingled images of official celebrations with coverage of protests .
the film was banned in nigeria , which demanded an apology from studio sony .
buying nufarm would represent one of the largest chinese takeovers of an australia company .
yet the ipc may not last long enough for any of this to matter .
indeed , his size would not draw attention on any street in new york .
janet 's relationships were probed in detail , as were the brothers ' marriages .
this is due to the change in the angle of sunlight hitting the vehicle .
drivers are being advised to take extra care with snow forecast for some areas .
you don 't suffer that kind of loss of memory for smoking a joint .
the ids added that pay rises for the whole of 2007 averaged 3.5 % .
he was treated at inverclyde royal hospital in greenock , but died on thursday .
the whole osnabrueck team put in a lacklustre performance and lost to augsburg 3-0 .
there 's a bit of grass on it , which explains kp 's decision .
" these relationships have been useful for the united states , " he added .
some policies say that borrower 's heirs retain 100 % of the unused equity .
and is it born of righteousness -- or nothing but the will to power ?
the european union already outlaws the sale of the white pelts of baby seals .
a movie about an obsessed giants fan is opening in limited release on friday .
the rias also praised " the rooftop lantern and the boldly defined entrance . "
two of the bombers grabbed nearby sacks of flour and removed hidden explosive vests .
the dow jones industrial average fell 101.27 , or 0.83 percent , to 12,157.63 .
but herrity and other officials who support the project say it will ease congestion .
to view the award-winning website , visit http : / / www.aviationweek.com / awin .
mr agamanolis believes that distance lab is one of a kind in the uk .
it is not yet known what caused it or if anybody has been hurt .
exhibits include colossus , thought by many to be the world 's first computer .
" they admitted it was a prank and prank only , " gilmer said .
but some critics of the law say it should be revoked , not amended .
crushing was tried and abandoned due to the potential for the spread of contamination .
the starbucks partnership begins at 600 stores in new york and seattle on oct .
five passengers were reported dead at the scene , including a pregnant 17-year-old girl .
" if i was asked , i don 't know , " said trescothick .
in my personal view , the most positive thing about russia is its people .
brandt snedeker was at 4 under after a birdie on the par-5 second hole .
in truth , the tale of mr hu is more complicated -- and simpler .
his appearance followed a robbery at the glenuig village post office on 11 october .
tiger woods , who has a home in the area , watched from courtside .
this week it increased its discount-window lending programme for banks to $ 900 billion .
some of these sweet vellies do indeed involve strawberries , blueberries and passion fruit .
sir win was one of several potential internal candidates for sir david 's job .
with the drought spreading , the government has spent 2.6bn yuan on emergency measures .
two days later , she and her older brother formally identified ivan 's body .
the line between celebrity and politician has been blurring for more than a generation .
the revenue explained that the increase was a natural feature of the new system .
humans seem unimpressed ; 19 of the app 's 31 ratings are 1 star .
if florida and michigan count , they could put either candidate over the top .
but near the conclusion of the conversation reubens finally came clean about his motive .
he was commissioned into the royal scots greys as a university entrant in 1938 .
his lawyers say the case is intended to damage his daughter 's election chances .
your own doctor can tell you how urgent your need for care really is .
it 's time for governments and regulators to make this happen -- and quickly .
the kirchners have cast their back-to-back presidencies as part of a joint political project .
it became lodged in the wires and caused a fault when soaked by rain .
it must confront two challenges : teacher preparation and the substance of the curriculum .
if the diner served good stuff , i 'd be happy to drink it .
greenglass and her husband , david , were pivotal figures in the spy case .
china 's aviation industry is advancing but still uses imported technology , reports said .
" i was told there was no money in it , " she says .
as the service ended and people were encouraged to linger , the chanting began .
the road and pedestrian crossing marks the boundaries of the moray and beauly firths .
" there was a lot of misunderstanding at 1 a.m. , " he said .
that 's enough meth to keep california 's central valley spunions tweaked for days !
as one writer has put it , " absorption " versus " theatricality . "
i say try them in court as well ( which will probably happen ) .
first , the next administration must recognize the scale of the problem it faces .
mexican club beats its usa relative , 2-0 , on goals by omar arellano .
tribune said on monday that the article had never appeared on the web site .
" but now that she 's won a graded stakes , that may change .
currently , the longest allowable skis are 146 percent of a jumper 's height .
the nashville establishment is still pretty good at rewarding great singers and great songwriters .
nearly every player on the 40-man roster was called up for the final month .
i 've been blessed with meeting a lot of great statesmen over the years .
could there be natural , less costly and less toxic ways to prevent cancer .
for example , court officials agreed to allow consular representatives to attend court hearings .
he also confirmed a sex offenders ' register would be set up for jersey .
but unlike in china firms were not required to establish partnerships with local producers .
eight buildings collapsed in the blast , and police pulled people from the rubble .
" the key thing for them is to consider what their main tasks are .
martin said that the republic is making no concessions on derry 's legal name .
business is being demonised -- and that is a dangerous route to go down .
guns don 't shoot or kill by themselves without a human controlling the trigger .
he came back just before the priest said , " the mass is ended .
denise benson runs a no-nonsense , no-frills homeless shelter for the city in queens .
sadly , the track record here isn 't good , " points out frohling .
tremadog near porthmadog is on the list of places which could lose its facility .
there is a $ 10,000 reward being offered by law enforcement in this matter .
i knew in advance we were going to love it , so why not ?
those were the days when artists painted pictures rather than " creating art . "
asked if he would dive , kyle said : " of course i would .
to the east , the dark , foreboding stone walls of the 19th-century penitentiary .
the problem was discovered during fuelling , before the astronauts had donned their spacesuits .
anyway , there 's probably going to be a movie tie-in version next year .
anyone with information is asked to contact the police incident room on 01792 456999 .
after a decade of change and a year of upheaval , where are they ?
a 16-year-old boy has died after he was involved in a hit-and-run car crash .
two weeks ago sarah brown told us that her husband gordon was too messy .
" they saw me sitting down with the cake and they started to laugh .
the decision to turn her over to her mother was made by the father .
another pitfall for democrats is the emotion generated on behalf of the fallen clinton .
win or lose , it will be mancuso 's last event in these olympics .
that is down from six per day in january - progress , of sorts .
the court was told there had been a history of antagonism between the men .
we would cross-examine him and other witnesses who might impact on his alleged behaviour .
yet for all his global notoriety , the man himself was shrouded in mystery .
he said after qualifying that he felt tight when he fell onto the mat .
her sundays with her family are sacrosanct and she doesn 't work at weekends .
the metropolitan police were informed of the loss in november and extensive searches began .
" the batting average is not as high as it was prior to sept .
and we run with ' em -- all too often without stopping to check .
4 , st. louis , mayers 7 ( r.johnson ) , 17 : 02 .
a post office spokesperson said it understood the concerns of individuals and local organisations .
they have met through work , but what they do is vague and irrelevant .
when he stopped , he suddenly felt dizzy , lightheaded , short of breath .
sacramento isn 't known for night life , but there are a few surprises .
florida halted a four-game losing streak and handed the flyers their third straight setback .
but the biggest impact of any outdoor seating is the free advertising it generates .
gates : no . i threw the clock out . it was obviously useless .
a petition -- even a digital one -- will only get you so far .
it could make a win there about as relevant as , say , wyoming .
the increase followed two months of declines and was better than had been expected .
jetblue tells us that its average tax-included one-way fare last quarter was $ 127 .
even so , robson insists that mowbray was not the target for his ire .
outside court , she argued she had been prevented from properly challenging the e-mails .
he said the scientists in recent expeditions also found a number of other dinosaurs .
it 's probably worth pointing out that i 've never been fond of flying .
nixon peabody of the district named peter morreale partner in its global finance practice .
abuhamza pleaded guilty last week to five child cruelty charges relating to other children .
that doesn 't mean he 's going to like what ends up being said .
campaign pollsters say the average person still knows relatively little about obama or mccain .
he also made good statements about guantánamo bay , cuba , and civil rights .
worse yet , some fear the banks may be helping to finance international terrorism .
robin williamson , of the low income tax reform group , criticised the plan .
but he says he 's not surprised by the growing interest in african art .
human rights watch quoted auung zaw describing his initiation to combat as a soldier .
today , in the second round , robson plays aniko kapros , of hungary .
didn 't fenton 's letter explain that he was close to the cannon fire ?
although he was granted bail , his extradition hearing was set for next month .
iran is particularly sensitive about news reports , blogs and internet reports in farsi .
one of the plastiki team members is josian heyerdahl , the explorer 's granddaughter .
a version of this article was first broadcast on bbc one 's politics show .
kids on his block called him " creepy phil " and kept their distance .
maybe you are a commuter , and what you are all about is espn .
this is a case of a false declaration of goods , " said abhisit .
we love you and know you 'll lead the country in the right direction .
khalaf was not more specific about how those taken into custody would be selected .
slideshow : party photos of rachel uchitel , the woman linked to tiger woods .
" our focus is shifting more towards the pressure track , " he added .
different surveillance officers recorded different views on whether or not the suspect was osman .
however , mr donaldson said the libyan authorities may just be " posturing . "
last month , she cinched the deal to acquire reveille for $ 125 million .
sherman said combs then tried to spit on ruiz , who was standing nearby .
concerns had been raised locally by the residents of groes-faen , creigiau and pentyrch .
it will most remain closed for the rest of the day , she said .
yet rooke may indeed be the greatest south african writer after j. m. coetzee .
such strikes run the risk of highlighting america 's impotence rather than its might .
concentrate inventory at may 31 , 2008 , was 24,729 pounds of molybdenum contained .
in the latest fighting , seven militants were killed tuesday in northwestern bajur region .
as prices plunged , the texas billionaire 's hedge funds lost billions of dollars .
most don 't want to go back to the 90 's and old politics .
purdue university researchers said their system uses metal hydride powder to absorb hydrogen gas .
" they told me that this machine does not lie , " she said .
madonnaatt _ kambo _ 57357870 _ 600 madonna has gotten herself some super-scary guns !
some claim that travel costs mean they are out of pocket as a result .
the us has said abdullah 's exit will not affect its strategy in afghanistan .
it doesn 't seem fair to the jilted team but this isn 't unique .
1848 - federal constitution defines the political system , providing for a centralised government .
his 23-year-old daughter , meghan , already blogs about life on the campaign trail .
of course , none of this has stopped the foreign run on u.s. companies .
it is due to be repaid in three equal semi-annual instalments from april 2010 .
the signing was part of the summit between obama and chinese president hu jintao .
" we are delighted that mike and steve are joining our board of directors .
hamilton : acting has always been something for me that 's been a romp .
the $ 1 billion has led to the sale of some 250,000 new vehicles .
due to the decline in numbers , conservationists took action about a decade ago .
for instance , " freestanding birth centers " are now eligible for medicaid payments .
all this has now culminated in a profits warning , triggering some hefty downgrades .
is it possible to use a regular telephone handset with skype on the computer ?
" i 've always functioned best under lots of pressure , " he said .
he fears he missed more kicks than the saints ' people wanted to see .
his .350 average is second to detroit 's magglio ordonez ( .359 ) . ...
the syrian authorities have not yet commented on the situation , which remains unclear .
and the saddest part of it all is that our country is now divided .
brandon medders ( 2-1 ) got two outs in the ninth for san francisco .
bijapurkar points out that there are no clean breaks from the past in india .
it also has hedge fund and private equity investments worth about $ 30 billion .
" tableau " and " tableau software " are registered trademarks of tableau software .
this year 's theme : the link between ceo pay and the subprime disaster .
deforestation , loss of habitat to roads and cities and poaching are among risks .
that 's what happened to laura hesse , 36 , of orange , calif .
as for bringing cheapest to the top , well that 's me out then .
beg auntie or grannie to help like the rest of us slugs have to .
authorities were searching for two males seen running from the scene , bolton said .
a u.s.-funded road project is expected to eventually shorten that journey to three hours .
saturday 's sixth and final stage is an individual 20km time trial in orio .
we want to make sure that earmarks are reduced and they 're also transparent .
under the approximately $ 63.56 million deal , agustawestland will upgrade 12 lynx helicopters .
like it or loathe it , the euro is a fact of economic life .
many have yellowing lists in their pockets , just in case they 're invited .
he hopes to persuade them to back a deal on evening and weekend opening .
note : for high resolution photos see www.grd.usace.army.mil / news / releases / index.asp.
duh-duh-duh ! ) you remember why this band have earned such a passionate following .
despite other signs of its senescence , labour hasn 't run out of ideas .
however , a small minority of episcopal traditionalists are fed up with church leaders .
yet , it is clear that any high noon showdown will have to wait .
one new tenant said his newly renovated four-bedroom apartment was renting for $ 5,000 .
interestingly , several of these experts do not exclusively blame golfers for slow play .
the judge said all three defendants were members of lashkar-e-taiba , which they denied .
" you really cannot be too upset about things , " dragoiescu said .
" the best of soul train " is now shown on weekends in syndication .
when rahm flamed , and dean succeeded , rahm tried to take the credit .
" it 's about being competitive without going over the limit that 's acceptable .
he will even employ a chip and charge strategy , especially on his backhand .
scribes in the press box were split on milledge 's judgment to run home .
a handgun , which was bought september 16 , was recovered , he said .
scott gomez then rebounded a redden shot for the game-winner at 32 : 12 .
" we have no clue right now where we are between those two extremes .
the pilot programs are expected to begin in october and will last six months .
meleanie hain was shot several times with a 9 mm handgun , police said .
the winner would win a case of wine and the admiration of fleet street .
vytorin failed to reduce heart risks and the need for surgery in the study .
fergie may soon be on the miami dolphins ' bandwagon as a limited partner .
a kitschy diner , the mid-point cafe , serves " ugly crust " pie .
for folks who are not familiar with it , please describe the garden settlement .
pope benedict put it this way not long after he took office in 2005 .
the qe2 will no longer bear the name of its former home port southampton .
another reason to avoid sleeping with an ex : fear of contracting lead poisoning .
the government offered new bonds worth only about 35 % of the old ones .
the 32-year-old has been in intensive care in hospital since suffering an asthma attack .
our next president will be able to have a meaningful impact on our economy .
credit remained strained wednesday , and investors ' appetite for super-safe investments stayed high .
it 's filled with articles and tips for every budget , including the tightest .
my issue is the present situation and why he should interfere in these things .
finally , the boy who cried wolf - or in this case , cheetah .
the company 's stock price dropped 6.1 percent , to $ 33.95 a share .
a distant calliope , meant to suggest gaiety , instead conjures a deranged carnival .
most of the storm-related deaths recorded since the weekend have been in traffic accidents .
the result is hearing loss , and potentially an array of other nasty consequences .
heidi mount -- model dan jackson heidi mount , the model of the moment .
under normal circumstances the land would have cost him about 18,000 times that price .
the passenger next to him noticed baggage handlers tossing guitar cases outside the plane .
sergio garcia , darren clarke and mike weir were among those missing the cut .
issa has been a leading opponent of the $ 700 billion financial system bailout .
anyone who has had too much to drink will not be allowed to travel .
and they went out to flint , michigan , and they saw relatives there .
she looked to the media and spotted beckham mania , and went from there .
mariah carey and trey lorenz sang jackson 's " i 'll be there . "
there is not much precedent for the kind of move made by mr geoghegan .
edie marrs produces geomio and minawear , two lines of natural-fiber clothing and accessories .
after that , the national park service will take over management of the peninsula .
beltway brahmins want his head , but replacing iraq p.m. won 't solve anything .
associated press writer kwang-tae kim contributed to this report from seoul , south korea .
heathrow to dubai , including tax . £ 249 with etihad ( www.etihad.com ) .
he had 34 points in a win over the los angeles lakers last wednesday .
the action cut highways linking greece to bulgaria , turkey and other balkan states .
i must " own " that i am , indeed , a wise latina .
but some could get a disproportionate share if all donors decide their own programmes .
a group of mets fans in the upper deck in left field cheered raucously .
hillary clinton campaigns in ohio ahead of the state 's primary on 4 march .
" national bingo night " aired in the summer as a weekly one-hour series .
surgeonfish , marbled grouper and bluestriped snapper circulate in the periphery like colorful satellites .
a hearing for mr. miller will be held on friday , the spokesman said .
the stated goal is to get all kids working at grade level by 2013-14 .
what happens to a neet ( not in education , employment or training ) ?
tim kirby provides a commentary on his " enforced " four-mile walk to work .
against all the odds and circumstances , it can be incredibly fun and uplifting .
some people just dont keep their fridge cold enough to get away with this .
then there is mr derek " dolly ' draper , originally from manchester university .
perhaps a new class of consumer gadgets that fits somewhere between hand-held and laptop ?
maruyama left with one pretty good consolation prize -- a card for next season .
many animals are known to be able to choose the bigger of two numbers .
21 and 22 , 1999 , saw 134 tornadoes altogether , but nine deaths .
jos lies between the mainly muslim north of nigeria and its largely christian south .
i realize the scenario is highly unlikely , but a brokered convention is possible .
we are very sorry to hear from the president that there is no government .
it was , so to speak , a scalpel rather than a sledge hammer .
but , today of all days , you have to face your darkest memories .
mr joel was stabbed 17 times and sustained severe head wounds during the attack .
but hadley is promising a " new take " on the spandau ballet idea .
papandreou , in the newspaper interview , said greece belonged in the euro zone .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.22 gmt on tuesday 8 december 2009 .
the oft extended its deadline for the changes from 31 january to 15 february .
the commission 's guidance has indicated that the schools should be providing means-tested bursaries .
another important reason is that russia will have a new president by that time .
he added : " if it wasn 't so serious it would be farcical .
tory response seems uncontroversial but they will wait to see details before they decide .
the series now moves to texas , with the third match on saturday evening .
he gets very interested in it and spends many lines reporting on his reading .
nobody offered an estimate of the dead , but the numbers were clearly enormous .
zardari 's media assistant said a transcript of the remarks was not immediately available .
along with great fortune , the number eight is the atomic number for oxygen .
we found eight children recuperating there , most of them with marasmus and kwashiorkor .
head back to skowhegan by taking route 15 to dover-foxcroft , then route 150 .
albany is a dreary place with a colorful history of corruption and political chicanery .
it owns banks across western europe , including germany , austria and the uk .
harnett said most of the 300 reports of bias in maine are racially motivated .
large numbers of those who voted democratic chose to limit marriage to straight couples .
in an effort to reassure kerry , steve posted videos of ben on youtube .
it was a team of timing , inside-out , and they wrecked the hawkeyes .
and that was not the worst of his shattering episodes--not even close .
so it is fair to focus this additional support on basic rate taxpayers only .
photos : click for pics of ali larter and more ' heroes ' hotties .
that was a 1.3 percentage-point gain from april and the highest rate since 1993 .
we 're going to come home in the second or third week of december .
police spokesman tom walsh says the woman was 7 1 / 2 months pregnant .
and it will be hard to overlook the image of flynn pulling the trigger .
but a closer look reveals an up-to-date house with charcoal-colored heavy-gauge standing-seam metal roofing .
there can be political turmoil , and both china and india are at risk .
he became reader in econometrics at nottingham in 1964 and professor there in 1965 .
the daily telegraph did not provide amounts of allocations or the total defense budget .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond fell 18 / 32 to yield 3.695 percent .
" they didn 't make fun of me that much , " she said .
he has said he will not comment further until the situation has been resolved .
the linchpin of his proposal is a june special election on the tax issue .
to get a character right takes three months of work , " he said .
joseph james beeston was born in camden town , north london , in 1947 .
he said he wanted to start in israel to see the israeli side first .
( cbs ) latin singing superstar ricky martin is coming clean about his sexuality .
just one more day and pendleton can take a well-earned break from the track .
at 48 , the vice president of the washington nationals has all that covered .
in mr. morales and mr. marinkovic , divided bolivia has found strikingly different adversaries .
the suns , who led 60-41 at the half , outrebounded the blazers 26-16 .
she had been shot in the neck and the back , according to police .
all around him , chickens were lying on the ground , twitching and shaking .
in kirkuk province late last week 73 people were killed in a truck bomb .
yitong has appealed the ruling , but it has already had a devastating effect .
round at stef 's , the girls have on tmf , a music channel .
he was fouled by shane battier on the play but missed the free throw .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.12 gmt on tuesday 23 march 2010 .
" he is very , very vocal and he cares about every tiny detail .
it 's like going to the dentist : you hardly feel a thing anymore .
2005 : aalborg apparently has more tattoo parlours than any other city in denmark .
" one of those men was the intended target , " jachles told cnn .
a care car company heard the story and gave the family this new mustang .
i am very sorry , " the former us platoon commander said on wednesday .
as a natural response , people cheated , " said senior official sanjay ubale .
it said they were now in the financial mainstream and not a fringe activity .
carbon dating tests indicated some were much older than charcoal remnants from ancient campfires .
a third man arrested as part of the investigation has been released without charge .
the costumes by emil wada are among the most colorful you could ever see .
i guess they 're all living , then , as one big happy family .
promotional materials for the line feature the girls in grown up looks and poses .
11 attacks of just a few weeks before , was sent into high alert .
white house budget director peter orszag said the stimulus law requires sanford 's ok .
visit www.playstation.com for more information on the expansion of playstation business into latin america .
each location features bowling lanes , billiards , dining areas , bars and lounges .
now there are a lot of amateurs , some of whom are pretty good .
unfortunately , it 's over which style of campaign deception they wish to endorse .
hersman said the board would examine government oversight and financial aspects of such relationships .
and you can tell your friends you swam where charlie chaplin once splashed around .
he said the company was working on a system that would advance the contributions .
they also do not introduce " electronic gadgetry " until children reach that age .
one of the detainees , who was later released , was a 70-year-old man .
u.s. theaters also are attempting to install 3-d technology in time for the nov .
in greenland and antarctica , ice sheets have lost trillions of tons of ice .
the visit is part of the prince of wales ' seeing is believing programme .
consumers would have the right to be reimbursed for money paid for preselected options .
one of those expenses familiar to most of us is ' employee absenteeism . '
under the new rules , lenders would be allowed to take a smaller loss .
unicef estimated that about 50 percent of the affected regions have gotten some help .
afghan traders in long tunics and vests hawked teas , toiletries and rubber slippers .
judge richard lowden said on friday her actions were " wicked and damaging . "
for a couple of debutants , however , the experience was a chastening one .
and i think it was one of the worst things he could have done .
first he was an " apostle " in the quorum of the twelve apostles .
we need to know more about the trade off between fiscal and monetary policy .
staffa said he got the idea for the trip from a number of sources .
it will take time to restore the force and repair or replace the equipment .
ribble valley mp nigel evans called on the two sides to reach an agreement .
state television ran a special with hundreds of cheering schoolchildren showing off the moves .
" this feature ... is a mystery of evolution , " said the report .
dingell is an avid sportsman whose office is adorned with hunting and fishing trophies .
lockheed martin 's f-16s are powered by the general electric company 's f110-ge-129 engine .
sdsu _ holmes 35 interception return ( palmer kick ) , 14 : 41 .
i would not recommend taking a taxi unless you are a very experienced traveller .
analysts said the drop in durable goods reflected the problems facing factories right now .
last year 's effort was stopped due to severe weather conditions and safety concerns .
but academic studies -- and real life -- have pronounced the effort a failure .
i am not sure the newcastle job is one you would want to take .
in 1989 , al-bashir , helped by turabi , seized power in a coup .
roddick defeated big-serving us wild card john isner in last year 's washington final .
" imagine me doing something against lewis - would felipe be happy with that ?
one wall will be open , fenced with chain link , as construction continues .
heck , maybe the usc coaching staff could audit such a class as well !
the justice department said in response that it would review the court 's order .
" we will come out on top in the end , " he said .
in the context of social networking we mostly have friends of friends and contacts .
mann was transported to jackson memorial hospital where he was reported in critical condition .
tom boonen pulled out before the peloton left pontarlier after being ill all night .
the new government has to say , we are not going to tolerate this .
hutchison asked the students to form groups of four and create their own sept .
" tokyo will become the safest city in the world , " he added .
no doubt the bookmakers will now further shorten the odds on a tory victory .
the chief executive of charity bliss , andy cole , welcomed the study results .
supervisor eugene a. delgaudio ( r-sterling ) asked loudoun residents to pray for hemstreet .
it came after a string of public criticisms of brown from within his party .
frohnhoefer said it was too early to speculate on a cause of the crash .
police say a search of his car turned up a small amount of marijuana .
beuke says he will try to meet with barrett on sunday to learn more .
barcelona and schalke both have champions league qualifiers during the period of the olympics .
it is five months since the 35-year-old was seen near her home in york .
the recycling site at seamer carr will not be affected by the planned closure .
there was also scope for joint ventures in latin america , mr cebrián said .
miller is 12th overall with 195 points while kostelic jumped to seventh with 279 .
" they took the word of a convicted rapist over the alleged victim ? "
23 these modification costs are over and above the treasury incentive payments under hamp .
i had a chance to turn my life around , and i took it .
thereafter he became an arbitrator and was still arbitrating at the age of 91 .
the dead included " business people , " according to an earlier xinhua report .
seven states have moved to ban sow gestation crates , including michigan in 2009 .
one figure close to david cameron labelled the shadow chancellor " a prat . "
designs included giant cherries , coiled white-fur earmuffs , and slightly fetishistic glittery harnesses .
what she lacks in height , she more than makes up for in talent .
the group 's seasonally adjusted index of refinancing applications increased 0.3 percent to 1,038.0 .
as long as we 're in a prognosticating mode , what about the redskins ?
they simply can 't see being able to afford health insurance in the future .
kohl 's reported a 2.6 percent drop , while penney 's fell 3.5 percent .
the cuban dissident orlando zapata tamayo has died after 85 days on hunger strike .
if it is free of mortgage the owner may hold on until normal times .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.40 gmt on friday 13 november 2009 .
" north korea remains among the world 's most egregious violators of religious freedom .
give the tabloids photos of the big banks canoodling with younger , blonder banks .
the chats are in a mix of indonesian , english , urdu and arabic .
thieves have stolen industrial drills and other equipment during a break-in in county antrim .
pascali then scored the only goal in last month 's friendly win over qpr .
both candidates seem to desire to turn the american eagle into the american ostrich .
it remains equally worthy in both good economic times and times of economic uncertainty .
she was found dead in a wooded area in jupiter in palm beach county .
the last month has been the hottest , driest and sunniest since july 2006 .
jennifer connelly was the second most bankable actress , according to the forbes list .
as i was no longer sleeping at night , i was often dropping off .
but did gaffney have control of the ball as he went out of bounds ?
the u.s. government has asked that the women be released immediately on humanitarian grounds .
the museum of tolerance is intended to bring the city 's warring tribes together .
the truth is that the government has only paid lip service to this industry .
in premarket trading on monday , onyx shares rose 43 cents to $ 27.33 .
panetta , 70 , will become the oldest person to head the spy agency .
victorian police says that the indians attract attackers by flaunting their ipods and laptops .
the new bipartisan caucus seeks to strengthen bilateral relations between jordan and the us .
the man was 32 and the four children were under 10 , gately said .
he bettered his record by 0.02 seconds and smashed the paralympic time of 22.37 .
these disposals could now stretch into next year but several buyers are still interested .
he was gary henderson , 21 , from the comber area of county down .
" the mummies belonged to the post-tiwanaku chiribaya culture , " the researchers wrote .
pirates have plundered the busy shipping lanes off the coast of somalia for years .
now that it 's over , we 'll need a new kind of recovery .
shares of citigroup rose 67 cents , or 37.6 percent , to $ 2.45 .
you feel the need to make a breakthrough in a short amount of time .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.56 gmt on monday 21 december 2009 .
all major security installations , including the army base , were enforcing a blackout .
then it disappeared , after the song 's writers took issue with the alteration .
the crashed plane was a turboprop aircraft produced by atr , a french-italian company .
" as police officers , we don 't have wind tunnels or expensive laboratories .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.03 gmt on sunday 29 november 2009 .
" my daughter called me twice saying : ' we 're being washed away !
and in 2001 there were no anti-retroviral drugs ( arvs ) in dr congo .
devils forward patrik elias missed his second straight game with a knee injury . ...
mr delaney wore the dress and neon pink socks to his funeral on tuesday .
" this season against chelsea , we played well , but did not win .
it is past time to try something that has a real chance of working .
in 2007 a national intelligence estimate concluded iran had halted its programme in 2003 .
the argentine full-back then stays down which irritates the majority of the full house .
ecclestone refused to back down on believing briatore 's punishment was over the top .
the web site , givemeliberty.org , shut down last week and posted an aug .
" we want justice , it is our right , " said ms petit .
an estate worker said : " the royal family are like any other family .
she realizes that without broadband , her family is missing out on a lot .
so reinsurers have rebuilt their capital buffers by increasing premiums and axing unprofitable business .
almost 72 per cent of india 's banking system assets are in government hands .
yemen just got on the gravy-train and we 'll be sending millions their way .
a senior administration aide downplayed the diplomatic fallout of missing the arms control deadline .
what would you think if one of those yielded two aces in a row ?
i 'm a much healthier aerobic person having been on the road with carter .
moreover , mahmoud ahmadinejad openly denied the significance of the holocaust during his speech .
his 12th defeat of the season left him tied for most in the al .
" i have no reaction to it , " he said of the protest .
the account can be operated in branch only by savers aged 18 and over .
but she has no problem with what she 's seen or heard so far .
in addition to all this , she 's not surprisingly a seasoned world traveler .
i think that would be the greatest gift you could ever give to america .
banks developments will announce plans on tuesday which include affordable properties and community facilities .
shares in sse rose 5p to £ 11.06 in early trading on thursday morning .
he said the defense is " counting on " jurors to vote their conscience .
the inquest into his death was adjourned to a date yet to be fixed .
crucially , though , it doesn 't have the merc 's ruined face either .
mehrabani shielded her brown eyes from the sun to gaze up at the candidate .
i 've only been following the political punch for a week or so now .
where do you stand on making selling minors violent video games a criminal offense ?
mr sarkozy 's government is keen to press on with european sanctions against iran .
facing players with whom you once shared a dressing room can be a spur .
without the 24-hour permit , construction is allowed between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m.
joint ventures with qatar petroleum supply markets in asia , europe and north america .
prosecutor neil flewitt told the jury the group had developed violent thoughts against britain .
on the left , there were six long tables , the final one unused .
" it is unbelievable , " admitted haas in front of a delighted crowd .
spokesman for vt phil rood said : " this is great news for portsmouth .
he 's so tense and angry , it 's tiring just to watch him .
the meetings started on april 17 , when 700 people went to tiananmen square .
briefly , it seemed manchester united might be undone by a tendency to overadorn .
he said it was a " miracle " a serious collision had not occurred .
are they holdovers from the first thanksgiving , or did they gradually sneak in ?
they intend to go public on monday if they get at least 50 backers .
" the expiration dates on these provisions require taxpayers to watch the calendar . "
with 11 cases confirmed , bluetongue was officially classed as an " outbreak . "
late wednesday night , police identified the fourth victim as tavon nelson , 17 .
instead , there are few vacationers moseying into the murphys ' elk mountain ranch .
six people died in louisiana , including a 16-year-old boy trapped in rising floodwaters .
his alleged victim , aine tyrell , waived her right to anonymity in 2009 .
mandrake hopes very much that that production will make a speedy transfer to london .
" the russians spoke with hillary clinton today about it , " kirkland said .
in 1978 , geoffrey moorhouse , the writer , chronicled a summer of cricket .
i didn 't bring a sandstorm this time , " the vice president said .
the bus was en route from hebei province to shanxi 's capital , taiyuan .
the app works by intercepting phone calls from a predetermined ' trigger ' number .
you can 't fault terri for fighting tooth , nail and womb for him .
brown and robson should start , and a holding midfielder would be no surprise .
it 's a crippling bloody disease and it can get you into awful trouble .
the really big accounts -- including corporate deposits -- don 't have much protection .
wallace : ... if i may , he had been supporting the iraq war .
british airways plc , the terminal 's sole occupant , referred questions to baa .
predictions of such outcomes have been continually refuted in safety studies over the years .
clinton 's trip to the gulf will be her second in as many months .
i liked your suggestion about using low-interest-rate balance-transfer offers to speed up debt repayment .
lenders are required by law to contact delinquent borrowers several times by various means .
first of all , mrs scozzafava has proved to be a truly dreadful candidate .
they are incredibly rare - a small fraction of a percent of all abortions .
gee , that helps people like me that already have money in the bank .
three were hospitalized , each with underlying health conditions that made them more vulnerable .
he says that 's key to pakistan 's struggles against the taliban and al-qaida .
spending on product placement in the united states grew by a third last year .
" wind turbines usually look graceful , but the height of this is horrendous .
leona helmsley 's dog is not as well heeled as she used to be .
it is an import , too , though again it is easily available online .
clint dempsey scored twice as fulham came from behind to beat manchester city 3-1 .
herzog had hoped to shoot underwater himself , but it was deemed too dangerous .
sales rose 12.5 per cent , while like-for-like sales were up 1.7 per cent .
shallow breathing from your chest won 't be as relaxing , the group said .
he is the american president , not the black president , " he said .
the orange county coroner 's office identified the man as steve smick , 48 .
they met as teenagers , serving as pages in the virginia senate in 2000 .
anna is from sardinia where fregola , a lentil shaped pasta , is made .
driver training for emergency vehicles is currently done on the college campus on weekends .
son : you realize you 're encouraging me to play with swords , right ?
a spokesman for ryanair said last night that it would appeal against the decision .
cortés retreated from tenochtitlan , but returned to besiege the city the following year .
it is unclear from the chancellor 's speech that the government understands the challenge .
brokers in mumbai have been hard hit with the sharp falls in share prices .
prostitutes were regularly tested for sexually transmitted diseases to avoid outbreaks at the camps .
can baaba maal change the world ? 4 whatever happened to the femme fatale ?
he may be a starter , but he doesn 't play starter 's minutes .
he urges financiers to " rediscover the genuinely ethical foundation of their activity . "
don 't try searching for sydney 's grisly convict past on a sunny day .
you can see why president obama wants some version of that act to return .
at least 250 bodies were being stored in a makeshift mortuary outside l 'aquila .
i can wait to look at those in the shops and on the clients .
by the time palin became governor , wooten had been suspended for five days .
instead it plans to fund future investments through cashflows and funds realised from disposals .
you can call the debacle by many names but it was not an invasion .
however , analysts said the new voluntary rules may not fully meet western concerns .
metal produced from the mine was negligible , and arco closed it in 1983 .
ian bell took a superb one-handed catch low to his right at silly point .
we hope that producers do what they can to ensure their farming is sustainable .
each has such an identifiable personality that it 's hard not to be endeared .
plus , flexibility and stretching are good as well for keeping muscles well toned .
facebook subsequently removed the page and declined to comment on mr. cluley 's case .
but when they stop paying , total balances swell with fees and interest rates .
lessons from new orleans history on withstanding , or succumbing to , inevitable disasters .
romney : well , it 's hard for me to speak for republicans generally .
" we keep trying to address this problem and get them in to court .
mr kamaljit , from sidcup , south-east london , left a wife , ravinder .
mccain advisers have said in recent days that he would abide by his proposal .
given a new lease of life , van der weijden leaves nothing to chance .
british hopes : world champions nicola minichiello and gillian cooke are tipped for gold .
emeryville , calif . , march 12 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- bionovo , inc .
strutt adds that carbon output has fallen from 22 tonnes to two tonnes annually .
tony cashmore , 73 , had to be rescued from his house last week .
the proposed increases have outraged groups representing servicemen and have been blocked by congress .
joining paazab is a first step toward regaining membership in the world zoo body .
outlook : you have to hand it to bruce pearl for scheduling tough teams .
things such as ninja loans and liar loans are hurting everyone in the chain .
and they seem equally smitten whether the president is a democrat or a republican .
saari prefaced his rampage with boastful video clips on web sites such as youtube .
also on board will be columnists tony blankley , cal thomas and george gilder .
the position has allowed the couple to catch up on some of their bills .
" which door do you want me to come in ? " he asked .
we may have to be more careful in the future about who we advise .
sen. tom harkin , d-iowa , also called for additional funding for pandemic preparedness .
u.s. president-elect barack obama : a new dawn of american leadership is at hand .
but vance disagreed and decided to let the company 's ceo know about it .
conversely america 's exposure is just small wafer of that at 4 per cent .
bankers working in these areas are also likely to receive minimal or no bonuses .
unfortunately for you , these strangers are as well meaning as they are inappropriate .
obama says he doesn 't know if she will live to see election day .
can the steelers ' improved offensive line handle the vikings ' run-controlling defensive front ?
another contest challenged hackers to slip malicious software code past increasingly sophisticated anti-virus programs .
she will celebrate her 99th birthday on the fourth of july , she said .
gb 's jess ennis gets stuck into the shot put after a fine morning .
such spending was easier when oil prices climbed well above $ 100 a barrel .
at the end of each session , they take home a free goodie bag .
the uncertainty was reflected in the share prices across the sector in the uk .
the labor department releases the june consumer price index at 8 : 30 a.m.
the leaner automaker will seek to gain its footing after its emergence from bankruptcy .
i 'm proud of what we accomplished , " he said at the time .
the move meant 11 households had to travel 30 miles to collect their mail .
filmmakers , actors , critics--they 're all here to dish and reminisce .
a man and a woman were arrested after the incident , security officials said .
" there 's nothing like winning and winning in iceland has given us confidence .
the idea is to play with power dynamics in the bedroom by taking charge .
in the past rebels have more often been responsible for taking on the au .
wanted : clairvoyant superman / woman with steel cojones and complete understanding of derivatives .
the phenomenal success came largely from teenagers spreading the news on social networking sites .
" the military gave him seven years hard labor for telling one joke . "
tokyo 's nikkei 225 index slid 2.2 percent to 11,489.30 , a three-year low .
" maybe he was trying to say goodbye or something , " sharpstein said .
territorial army soldiers have made a significant contribution to operations in iraq and afghanistan .
substantial job cuts are expected , particularly in the news and factual television departments .
a whole day 's sailing at qingdao was lost when the boats were becalmed .
cook for about five minutes or until the skin starts to brown and crisp .
the apartments each have a balcony over the street - perfect for people watching .
he did not create this present mess . . .your hero george bush did .
18 ) : you 're liable to have some learning episodes in relationships today .
so it was good to see him get tougher and clearer about going forward .
however , he gave no details on expected job losses , angering union representatives .
a land of self-invention , where no one bats an eye at a mom-deckhand-governor-whatever-comes-next .
the authorities deny any crackdown took place , blaming opposition activists for inciting unrest .
they pretended to be with a local bank and asked for sensitive account details .
the icelandic krona has lost half its value against the euro since january 2008 .
he also passed to martin for a dunk during the nuggets ' opening quarter .
drain on paper towels , then roll in the cinnamon sugar while still hot .
yet most of its leaders have been arrested , and it has been quiet .
" we 're working on a new one , but it 's going slowly .
the rockets exploded in open areas , causing no injuries , the army said .
associated press researchers xi yue and yu bing contributed to this report in beijing .
i 'm relying on the medical staff to do their job and help us .
" we welcome any report that contributes to serious debate on the armed forces .
be especially wary about any dry cleaner that bills itself as " organic . "
" the world has changed , but people haven 't , " she said .
some of them use the money for lavish executive pay instead of their mission .
i went to church and was prayed for ; i gave it to god .
it is always easy to blame the current government for all the worlds problems .
prior to this match , he played federer six other times and never won .
pitt announced the launch of make it right at the 2007 cgi annual meeting .
i was still contemplating this question when another clothespin crossed my field of vision .
mr zawahri 's statement suggested that further attacks on europeans were to be expected .
or so says david rubin , a duke university professor of psychology and neuroscience .
labour 's val shawcross said bus passengers would pay " the biggest price . "
beyonce says new movie obsessed was a step outside her " comfort zone . "
" the message was , ' are you in or are you out ? '
much of the artistry of the baroque was at the service of dynastic power .
himachal pradesh is high in the mountains , where villagers survive off tiny plots .
the company is committed to positive free cash flow generation post dividends in 2009 .
but senate democrats said the payoffs are nothing unusual , and in fact typical .
miami ( 13-1 ) returned to the poll after being out for one week .
he uploaded a photo of local dumplings that could be mistaken for giant jellyfish .
it featured new hills created from recycled materials , and free bicycles for visitors .
we have choices and we 've got to try and find the right formula .
ten years later , this was revised to point us above 70 million again .
until this issue is ruled upon , the military trials are unlikely to start .
" it cannot be ruled out that some enterprises are lobbying the government .
in most cases , beef from downer cattle is barred from the food supply .
the court was told that mr deadman returned to his apartment after being placated .
plans call for all american forces to leave iraq by the end of 2012 .
there were five fatal shootings by sheriff 's deputies in 2008 , whitmore said .
particularly now , as stoop-sale season swings into high gear after the august doldrums .
but it is in the business sector where the military has built an empire .
" we always worry about pitching and we did lose ( hideki ) matsui .
" we are the most scrupulous organization you can imagine , " he said .
remy ma was convicted last month of assault , weapon possession and attempted coercion .
he was discovered in jubilee road , workington , cumbria , on wednesday morning .
new jersey network called the state for mccain within minutes of the polls closing .
but the real issue here is less about performance and more one of advice .
a public consultation , by the jcra , on the scheme received six responses .
" if we adapt to iraqi needs then we will avoid outstaying our welcome .
muslims have everything including a sense of humour , just like any other nation .
obama also gave a shout out to the edwards ' on their home turf .
california is expected to absorb 17 million more people in the next four decades .
males will decorate these structures with colourful objects including flowers and even bottle tops .
it wasn 't known whether she will try to get her teaching job back .
gibbons is out for the balance of the season with a left shoulder injury .
the restructuring gave the u.s. treasury a 60 percent stake in the new gm .
the three men , from glasgow , are accused of possessing rifles and ammunition .
blom said in the photograph he has seen the diamond appears to be green .
per these protocols and standards of care , a rectal exam should be performed .
can i simply call up the credit card company and offer a reduced amount ?
i saw lots of people running down towards where ( rhys ) was lying .
geo and beth hubela bring over twenty five years of dance experience to icon .
" yeah , i dropped a shot on the 13th , on both days .
as of may 2008 neither employee worked for senator ensign , " it said .
institutions such as the judiciary and the military must be strengthened , sharif said .
the rest of the world is reduced to a disparate series of veiny streaks .
security camera footage of the woman drew outrage when it became public this week .
senators and representatives feel most keenly uncomfortable about the nasty politics of the deal .
i want to assure you , mr. president , this fight isn 't over .
top women 's seed ana ivanovic plays china 's zheng jie on court one .
china zoomed past japan to become the world 's second-biggest auto market in 2006 .
hubbard died in 1986 and leadership of the church was taken over by miscavige .
santa meet-n-greet - meet the jolly old elf himself ( santa available through dec .
in the meantime , giacchino will get the tux out again for oscar night .
" my position is not important but democratic values are , " he said .
she hoped schools would be showing the video at assemblies before the summer break .
she 's also seeking hefty damages after spending five years with the storied franchise .
the specialty jeweler rose $ 4.77 , or 21 percent , to $ 27.92 .
there is one toilet , which is currently being remodeled , and no shower .
the former beatle was shot dead outside their new york apartment building on dec .
the power to hand out money would inevitably increase the power of the post .
at the time this was considered revolutionary , but in retrospect it seems inevitable .
police say the suspects are believed to have links to far-left and anarchist groups .
" these new solar panels are an offshoot of semiconductors , " he says .
mr. hart likes to point out the way elementary and middle school children run .
frattini also expressed gratitude that no government attacks were necessary to free the hostage .
a spokesman for northern constabulary said a significant number of live shellfish were killed .
" the french eventually made these medieval best sellers , " mr. bidwell said .
it did not take dan hurston long to get involved in his new neighborhood .
it was a defining moment and pat insisted that they should seek marriage guidance .
the wizards have lost four of five games since the nba suspended the guard .
while we enjoy deer hunting , we have no interest in trophies or antlers .
the younger al-sadr launched two major uprisings against u.s. and coalition forces in 2004 .
florida homeowners first raised a red flag about stern in their 1998 class-action lawsuit .
" agent fees are on average around 1 % and they could go higher .
it was just a bit disorienting considering how ballyhooed they had made smokejumpers sound .
shares in bp rose 14pc last year and were trading at 610p on friday .
it was repeat of ou 's previous outing game against tech earlier in february .
north carolina pounced on penn state early , scoring three minutes into the game .
at the miami dolphins games , rothstein 's name was announced as a sponsor .
eric is definitely a toff dog , high-stepping and elegant , like a racehorse .
it must start from a realisation : the country is poorer than was thought .
padilla , a right-hander , started tuesday 's game against the new york yankees .
certainly , we will never forget the events that unfolded that tragic september morning .
oil was up 0.6 per cent to $ 71.09 following wednesday 's sharp fall .
the reason that we sent people to various areas is because we have themes .
christie emphatically declared , however , that he was not bothered by the criticism .
" why does dane cook have 2.5 million , 3 million fans on myspace ?
but mrs phillips said she was unsure she wanted to return to modern life .
which is why i 'm looking forward so much to richard holmes 's marlborough ...
tractors were scrubbed down , shiny , and cows were decked out in flowers .
as the days / weeks progress more pieces of the puzzle fall into place .
my quality of life sunk as i battled 5-7 day migraines almost every week .
instead , it 's the most intriguing individual match-up in the west regional final .
the first job of a new chairman is likely to be to dismiss him .
" scientology can no longer hide behind freedom of conscience , " she said .
the army says it does not know how many people may have died there .
" president mbeki must be given the opportunity to reply to this grave allegation .
nader is a hack , but i adamantly defend his right to be one .
afonso dhlakama , a veteran renamo leader , is president guebuza 's main opponent .
" we have listened to local people , " said chief executive samantha jones .
billings : i think you either have the collecting gene or you don 't .
as in xinjiang , there has been unrest between tibetans and migrant han chinese .
but the shift in consumer preference has hit toyota 's u.s. rivals especially hard .
the poor stack lol , is all in the republican extremist party of lunatics .
banks have been reluctant to sell large portions of their portfolios at available prices .
mr netanyahu now says that palestinian statehood is not possible in the foreseeable future .
her attitude helped make her a supermodel , before the term was even coined .
germany 's closed labour market may look like a detail amid global economic turmoil .
( " beckpharma " ) -a pharmaceutical development company also involved in cancer treatments .
" i only take the cases that i believe in with all my heart .
he also led the packers to 13 victories -- which tied his career best .
gavin has been in the hospital for approximately five months of his short life .
back in cambridge , he became a reader in 1959 and professor in 1960 .
given that his wife has just got a cushy job he would say that .
the au retracted its initial statement that the sudanese army had bombed the town .
customers who have questions or concerns should call the volkswagen loyalty center at 1-800-444-8982 .
unicef said it was providing assistance to 30,000 people who had fled the fighting .
a spokeswoman for ungaro said moufarrige 's departure had nothing to do with lohan .
the authorities said the waterfronts were havens for criminals , and needed radical redevelopment .
and your eyes turn away from the real issues of the new world order .
benchmark crude for february delivery was down 46 cents to $ 82.72 a barrel .
" waaaat u better not be , " wrote gina , two minutes later .
i think ex ambassador doug hartwick needs to pay all our tax money back .
phelps won three events in less than an hour of hectic activity on sunday .
then in 2004 she re-entered the workforce armed with a grant and a mission .
weinberg had a drink drive reading of 145mg of alcohol in 100ml of blood .
one in eight ( 12 % ) admitted they had no interest in politics .
iranian government organizes mass demonstrations to mark the 30th anniversary of seizing the american ...
a trial date has been set for 8 march 2010 at southwark crown court .
he said he supported the islands ' current initiatives to meet international tax standards .
the winning pitcher was reliever cla meredith ( 1-0 ) after a scoreless eighth .
" we are deeply sorry for this result , " said the ioc letter .
secondly , mccain in the long run is a handicapp to the republican party .
baghdad security spokesman qassim al-moussawi said the gunmen used three cars in the heist .
management leadership for tomorrow started out as an independent-study project at harvard business school .
polls do make clear how divided democrats are over adding clinton to the ticket .
natural gas prices rose 0.263 cents to $ 6.384 per million british thermal units .
there are also numerous effects that users can play with to alter their recordings .
he was born milton lichtman into a jewish family in the bronx in 1921 .
republicans charge the white house with unleashing a " weapon of mass distraction . "
andy has a young daughter bethany pulkowski away at college , high point university .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.43 gmt on tuesday 29 december 2009 .
click here to see an edited transcript of the archbishop of canterbury 's interview .
is every movie till then doomed to be aimed at the all-important 8-year-old-girl-to-14-year-old-boy demographic ?
the previous record profit - of $ 34.6 billion - was registered in 2007 .
above all , however , this was a day that endorsed less random influences .
there 's something seductive about spending time relaxing and getting to know yourself again .
in some parts of the country , gas prices surpassed $ 4 a gallon .
the study was published this week in the online , peer-reviewed journal bmc medicine .
but the stock rebounded to reach a 52-week high of $ 61.40 on oct .
i could go on and on , but i believe you see my point !
daniel fountain , 20 , from staines , surrey , denies rape and assault .
he becomes the second miami player to have his jersey retired following alonzo mourning .
if the defensive line can get to brady , the giants have a chance .
the plant , also in comilla , has been shut down , haque said .
they compress the earth 's protective magnetic " bubble " and trigger geomagnetic storms .
flying the cessna , white said he 's never gone higher than 7,000 feet .
david stoddart , retail analyst at altium , highlighted the threat of online sales .
" there is no friendship at the top , " lloyd george once said .
i , as you may have guessed , am not one of those people .
state investigators have also said the cardinal did not reply to letters seeking assistance .
and turnout was high for the race even though no delegates were at stake .
anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact greater manchester police or crimestoppers .
" that just a little extra personal anguish that you 've got to endure .
the sharks were the only nhl team he had never scored a goal against .
second in command - learn about the responsibilities associated with the american vice presidency .
among his business interests was a pipe laying company that used heavy digging equipment .
her body was found in near a business park in south reno on feb .
my biological son looks indian , speaks 3 languages and has an american passport .
the first sign was rumbling and the rippling of the dome 's fabric roof .
the state has many retired new yorkers who no doubt remember his mayoral tenure .
a scottish government spokesman said its support covered " aspects of ports policing . "
the collapse of gold prices left gold investors badly burned for a long time .
in a lengthy exchange on tuesday , he did not repeat those outright denials .
she says she 'd sneak off and gorge herself in cities around the world .
take brazil for example , with 190 million people and mexico with 100 million .
the surplus in investment income flows surged by 61.5 percent to $ 20.5 billion .
lincolnshire county councillor patricia bradwell said the centres would support families with young children .
he said the raids had " prevented mayhem , " giving no more details .
to help readers select a title , the editors provide personal recommendations and viewpoints .
consequently , all a / c systems now use an ozone-friendly refrigerant called r134a .
nashville gave up two short-handed goals last season , fewest in the nhl . ...
he was nominated by satisfied customers after working in appalling weather and difficult conditions .
i 'll bet americans can hardly wait to hear more information coming from you !
he spoke on condition of anonymity monday because of the sensitivity of the issue .
pedro , 73 , is among the older male hiv patients at the clinic .
my knowledge of the fund is that it does not support abortion in china .
in a complimentary move , the government halted its import duty for cooking oils .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.05 gmt on wednesday 3 march 2010 .
there was even a tony award nomination for " wrong mountain " in 2000 .
more than once , he was ordered to change into his government-issued training gear .
google has not done so well with corporate customers on its own , however .
this is reality , based on voter psychology , and a no spin approach .
the longer the image remains on a phone , the more serious the offence .
ross perot , the founder of e.d.s. , had a fondness for eagles .
fabienne spent her afternoons at school , excelling at maths , french and science .
ferguson credits the " 60,000 screaming banshees " with inspiring celtic to superhuman efforts .
" a human swimmer is not too unlike a seal , " he said .
" with this patent , bio-key continues to expand our biometric identity solution portfolio .
he told the bbc scotland news website he was concerned at pensioner 's wait .
a man has suffered slash wounds after being attacked in coleraine on tuesday night .
associated press writers amir shah and rahim faiez in kabul contributed to this report .
san diego is in last place in the nl west with a 44-65 record .
she said the accusations stem from her advocacy work for minority communities and businesses .
but some drivers have reported continued problems in vehicles that have already been fixed .
the average estimate among analysts polled by thomson reuters was 7 cents per share .
this is , however , an approach that -- while understandable -- is insufficient .
as the discussion finally calmed down jones got up and walked into the kitchen .
the product includes parental control features that prevent children from visiting inappropriate web sites .
the euro stoxx 50 index of leading eurozone shares was flat at 3,396.85 points .
boxer and feinstein got their favorite reward : a sip of kool-aid soft drink .
all are expected to be confirmed . -- well , isn 't this cozy ?
and this would have benn " legal , " according to the geneva convention .
this trio literally keeps the movie going ; you 're always looking for them .
you need to have originated your troubled loan or loans on or before jan .
when she told kamrava she was pregnant , she claims her boss chastised her .
there 's a thriving business in selling , reselling and collecting on old debts .
for the record , tina fey doesn 't think her palin impersonations were sexist .
what has been fundamental is the unity of the teams , of the manufacturers .
but it is not clear a nod from mr. bloomberg would have much meaning .
nevertheless , the next morning , the gaylord is having its first full-on crisis .
" i am trying to kill off a certain style of cliched bollywood acting .
" washoe was an emissary , bringing us a message of respect for nature .
he paid tribute to the dead soldiers , describing them as " magnificent . "
scolari will go into the game without the services of suspended striker didier drogba .
people also must be wary of buying tickets for events that don 't exist .
" they are utilizing what is popular in pop culture to list their items .
or do you think that we were " bombed " on 9 / 11 ?
all of the pricing models they have used has underestimated the magnitude of risk .
this helped the obama campaign register many new voters , particularly on college campuses .
" but as professionals we didn 't lower our heads and we kept fighting .
for six weeks recession-hit romania has been in the hands of a caretaker government .
local lib dem am jenny randerson said it was a " great day . "
haji mohammad rauf said " fierce fighting " was taking place between the forces .
the attack was an oddity in tehran , where such targeted bombings are rare .
why do we have to go through this ? ' " koh told me .
he faces up to 14 months in prison when he is sentenced in december .
" it just looks like a war zone , " mayor george mckee said .
new jersey law now requires providers only to offer hiv testing to pregnant women .
just like you used to able to do in most mpvs , in fact .
that 's what these steps are designed to do , " obama said jan .
you are incredibly fortunate that your life on the streets hasn 't ruined it .
furthermore they site the 1996 line item veto act which was also deemed un-constitutional .
a search on the internet revealed that an irishman had been shot by police .
" it got down to either file for bankruptcy ... or liquidate the company .
it was an overwhelming statement about what his election meant to so many people .
at least one person was killed in the fires , and dozens were injured .
he is dazzling , though , in switching between scorching venom and synthetic sentimentality .
the opposition says more than 70 people died during street protests after the vote .
players respect him , and that sets the necessary tone for this fledgling squad .
ok , but don 't go trying for 12 more , like nadya suleman .
aboard endeavour were a new room and observation deck for the international space station .
the precursor chemicals required to make the drug are , however , usually imported .
polygamy is legal in south africa but remains a subject of contentious national debate .
track workers and pavement experts tried several different ways to get the hole filled .
dams built to protect brisbane and outlying towns were spilling floodwaters into swollen rivers .
this would , of course , apply if the person is not your friend .
spitzer resigned march 12 after it was disclosed he had used emperors club vip .
the city was going to build meeting and ballroom space underground on that land .
17 in a division of the state energy , minerals and natural resources department .
but getting the un mission on board , it says , is proving difficult .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- susan todd loves her daily coffee fix .
excluding the impact of the borsa italiana purchase , the rise was 19 % .
the epa has issued reports based on its testing and evaluation of some products .
pg-13 for crude and sexual content , and for language including a drug reference .
i always envisaged the end would come in a moment of high operatic drama .
on monday , his spokeswoman attempted to downplay the significance of the earlier approval .
grazia blithely ignores her doctor 's orders and surreptitiously devours a forbidden macaroni casserole .
later , he said , the waiter promised to make it up to him .
jurrjens pitched out of trouble each time before turning it over to the bullpen .
some cards linked to rewards programs for purchases like gasoline were likewise shut down .
truth be told , that could cover a lot if spun the right way .
" i feel very welcome here , " he told the club 's website .
so were boras and two of his lieutenants , mike fiore and jeff musselman .
he said obama urged lenders to be prepared in case the economic downturn worsens .
thanou was subsequently banned for two years after missing what was her third test .
" he loved that car as much as i do , " masters said .
he offered to drive her home ; she tried to bite his thumb off .
i can see no such data supporting the ipcc report , " he said .
disputes over legg 's findings must be raised within three weeks to the mec .
ayala apologized to his family , friends , the community and the police department .
will president obama signing the stimulus bill kick start our road to economic recovery ?
he earned oscar , golden globe and screen actors guild nominations for that role .
at tuesday 's closing price , mazda was valued at about $ 2.7 billion .
his father described him as sounding " despondent " the last time they spoke .
maurice evans finished clausen 's night by bursting through the line for a sack .
" i still feel like i 'm trying to fight my way back in .
she and the rest of the clinton family are expected to testify in october .
the worst performer -- newton japan -- has shed a staggering 52 per cent .
get ready for more enron and bernie madoff style antics ! ! ! yes ..
but there are broad differences between the sexes , and between differing sexual orientations .
china accuses the tibetan spiritual leader of trying to seek independence from chinese rule .
despite that , he expects to meet analysts ' profit forecasts for the year .
31 , and the pact would provide legal cover for the troops to remain .
russia responded with a counter-strike that drove the georgian army out of south ossetia .
textile materials and products were in the third position at dhs442 . .7 million ..
under the taleban women were banned from working and girls could not attend school .
he 's got the black man leanin ' back , and playing a horn .
thursday , march 13 , 2008 , 8 : 30 a.m. to 6 p.m.
victor davis hanson 's argument in the case of health care is pure sophistry .
but when the housing market dropped , so did the price of the land .
" i think america has been shielded from barney somewhat , " he quipped .
" she did a terrible job , " said one of the eight-year-old girls .
rooney is mounting a well-funded race aiming to win back the district for republicans .
putin acknowledged that russia faces a threat from internal terrorism , ria novosti reported .
adopting a war-abroad / law-enforcement-at-home rule is nothing but an exercise in political triangulation .
some businesses are choosing web services as a lower-cost alternative to microsoft 's products .
the times : would american use of incirlik ( air base ) be jeopardised ?
hori declined to detail the impact the latest suspension would have on global output .
more than 10 million americans with disabilities smoke , according to the study authors .
the clinton campaign however downplayed media perceptions that obama was cutting into her leads .
it also can depress u.s. exports which become more expensive as the dollar rises .
in november 2006 , i secured a lectureship at princeton university and left iran .
" everything will work itself out , " one of her aides says cheerfully .
another planned for outside the regulator 's office in dublin on friday was cancelled .
he was sentenced to 50 years in prison , but was paroled in 1988 .
the damage caused by the recession is forcing the airline industry into widespread consolidation .
senior prosecutor anton winkler said the trial should send a warning to other corporations .
but that left people with more than $ 100,000 in the bank particularly anxious .
31 ( upi ) -- the u.s. department of energy restructured its futuregen project .
critics say the paper paints a relentlessly upbeat picture of livingstone and his policies .
the players included eugene o 'neill , edna st. vincent millay and djuna barnes .
kotis won two tonys as book writer and co-lyricist of that irreverent toilet musical .
police officer maqsood ahmad said the bomb killed three people and wounded several more .
she has come to realize that chow could have been harsher and more demanding .
capel acknowledged thursday the challenges that onuaku and 6-9 forward rick jackson will present .
they are showing their children that you move forward by getting new job training !
it follows bp 's completion of a detailed review of bond 's management systems .
" after two years of negotiation , the time has come to deliver . "
becki turner got the call from her bank 's fraud department on labor day .
he was sentenced to seven years in jail after being tried in his absence .
and the town needs something , other than shakespeare , to bring them in .
the gods have pronounced their judgement and the public should bow down in gratitude .
last year , mtrs boosted their coffers to the tune of £ 750 million .
natural gas was down 0.1 cents at $ 6.86 per million british thermal units .
half of independents don 't have an opinion , and the rest are divided .
politicians strutted by in red sashes , student clergy swung the incense with vigour .
leading abi members account for about 20 per cent of rio 's shareholding base .
long ago , he says , he paid his debt for his juvenile crimes .
but even then , it was plain that the peace is far from complete .
models carried bedrolls , over-stuffed carrier bags and sleeping bags , hair was dishevelled .
areas which have been criticised include teaching standards and the school 's leadership criticised .
lavennia coover abandoned her 11-year-old mentally ill son under nebraska 's safe haven law .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.31 gmt on wednesday 16 december 2009 .
" we are delighted that the british energy board has unanimously accepted this offer ..
the increase in online sales was partly offset by a fall in mail orders .
the fcc chairman wants to free up 500 megahertz of spectrum for mobile broadband .
last week , the justices declined to hear a military commissions case this term .
but he was held out of wednesday night 's game at the indiana pacers .
u.s. army engineers erected most of the walls using flatbed trucks and small cranes .
the march trade deficit does not settle the controversy about china 's currency regime .
people want more police on the streets , not more pr on the tv .
against the japanese currency , the dollar leapt to 107.46 yen from 105.37 yen .
farmers ploughed and planted worldwide , in a hurry to grab the glittering price .
chris gill hardly has space to move when he brews his award-winning real ales .
he would be mortified if he thought that he 'd done anything like that .
no one wants to balance the budget by getting out of west asia altogether .
i wanted to write about her because there is almost nothing left of her .
the company 's editorial hallmarks are trusted expert content along with independent product testing .
so mr darling had a weak hand and had to present a neutral package .
bold shapes and exuberant dynamics read better on big stages than more introvert choreography .
two shares were chosen for their safety characteristics as a way of safeguarding capital .
their sales are rising as diners trade down from posh nosh to fish suppers .
but the story and reaction to it is the payment hypocrisy makes to virtue .
the technology bellwether reported lower first-quarter profits but that matched analysts ' subdued expectations .
the epa has the authority to block mountaintop removal under the clean water act .
police in the district generally do not publicly estimate the size of protest gatherings .
" i hope the tide has turned against that , " mr watson said .
gold prices climbed , and the dollar traded mixed against other major global currencies .
clinton , according to several people present , distanced himself from carville 's remarks .
but hu didn 't even warn her in advance that she was being replaced .
the workers acted as lookouts at crossings to prevent trains and vehicles from colliding .
the other strains -- reston and ivory coast -- did not cause human epidemics .
tampa bay struck for four runs in the third off boston starter jon lester .
it is scheduled to sail two more deployments before it is decommissioned in 2013 .
both said they were optimistic about playing in saturday 's exhibition game at arizona .
there was no game last night , so the brief ban never played out .
hospital spokeswoman jo miller said the family requested that no further information be released .
an raf heavy bomber station in the north of england is manned by frenchmen .
in katine demonstration farms were set up to allow villagers to do just that .
they spoke briefly , and paige told him she 'd call him again later .
but will slop buckets in every kitchen make us less wasteful or more messy ?
the foreign office today said that " opposed any such boycott of israel . "
cnn 's john king , jessica yellin and candy crowley contributed to this report .
there are an estimated 100 trillion microbes living on or inside the human body .
" i was subsequently suspended from playing rugby until the february 28 , 2010 .
( mov ) is expected to report second-quarter earnings of 42 cents a share .
the standard , ias 39 , is now in the process of being replaced .
the conservatives have stressed they support working with france in areas such as defence .
they later go to the capital , khartoum , to meet the national government .
" we should prepare our children and men for jihad , " she said .
but too many were not , it suggested , and needed to be pushed .
more on the encyclopedia of life , and pogue 's photos from the mediterranean .
" hercules and love affair " ( dfa ) is my cooking lifestyle soundtrack .
however , we see prices bottoming and coking coal imports rising in early 2010 .
gerald thornton said the legal setback may have been his brother 's final straw .
pakistan condemned the wednesday attack and summoned the u.s. ambassador to lodge a protest .
others expressed shock that something so calculated could have taken place in their hometown .
an american whose family was killed in the sobibor camp is among the witnesses .
she was as high-hearted in her nineties as she must have been at 19 .
congress is more influenced by special interest groups and lobbies than is the fed .
i called toyota and they told me there were no complaints about rav 4s .
the ftse 250 , meanwhile , on friday perked up 32.66 points to 10223.56 .
the two companies propose to spend up to $ 3 billion developing the field .
carter , though , looks measured and serene , in command of all possibilities .
savage was most troubled by frye 's inability to get rid of the ball .
but right now , he is immersed in tidying the messiness of failed plans .
press reports had said the ruling affected the carrier 's fleet of 13 planes .
hidden dangers associated with costumes , treats , and decorations can be easily prevented .
if there is a game 5 , it will be played monday in denver .
forty paramilitary recruits were killed in the attack on a training centre at dargai .
the problem is that the four major music companies rarely work together on anything .
jackson 's lasting image in that regard remains to be seen , he said .
a post on yevloyev 's site said he was detained at ingushetia 's airport .
as a longtime red sox fan i just hope we don 't take him .
unlike earlier communication networks , the internet is not controlled from the top down .
i had never expected to see british police turning into enemies of the people .
ferrari have won five since then with michael schumacher the last winner in 2006 .
audio of senator larry craig in the immediate moments following his june 11 arrest .
the fda made the letter public on friday on its website here # tarceva .
she was born in stockholm in 1927 and grew up in a musical household .
q : as an adult , you don 't seem okay with his decision .
he has helped his mother cope with ms , just like the petit girls .
iraqis also have disproportionately high rates of infant mortality , cerebral palsy and cancer .
at first glance , simply handing out cash to the poor may seem naive .
up to 400 boys could be housed on the mars at any one time .
for the latter , audiences will have to wait for the obligatory end-credit outtakes .
the government should be here to serve the people .. not own the people .
it did not say whether it was testing the other nine products being recalled .
erickson was clobbered when receiver gerell robinson was knocked out of bounds into him .
few secondaries are expected to close completely , but many will be partly closed .
a high school junior reflects on her college ambitions and a lesson from history .
( " yes , i saw ' borat ' " leviev told me wearily .
obama claimed that 100 percent of john mccain 's campaign ads have been negative .
the first job that came up was finance director at thring townsend in swindon .
it had already charred at least 12 structures and more than 4 square miles .
close-up shots of the injured princess were taken by numerous paparazzi in the underpass .
tehran insists it wants to enrich only to power an envisaged nuclear reactor network .
here 's a quick tip : never let mulled wine come to a boil .
i feel much closer to ( diana 's ) father than i do mine .
dave : yes , they truly were the columbia and magenta of that scene .
the national association of manufacturers called the proposals " disastrous " for us companies .
jackson finished 13-for-23 for 163 yards , with the one touchdown and one interception .
i phoned again and was told a block had been put on the card .
there is no significant storage on site to make up for a prolonged outage .
for all his other deficiencies , though , staunton is a decent goal kicker .
nor had they spent much time seeing psychologists or hanging out in support groups .
forward gonzalo marronkle is a star on the vietnam club t & t hanoi .
nunez said : " i couldn 't describe it like a genre of music .
if convicted of both charges , his sentences for the two would run concurrently .
he said a majority of those classified as missing had been tortured in custody .
among the retirees are many who remember the great depression and world war ii .
voices were loud enough for me to hear easily , and they sounded natural .
she was killed when one of her assailants crashed the car they were in .
in the third quarter of 2010 , sap closed major contracts in key regions .
i had to tell a good friend that her boyfriend was cheating on her .
when the authorities arrived at the apartment they found mr mcculloch on the floor .
cnn 's jim kavanagh , craig johnson and ed payne contributed to this report .
the eagles had just played their fourth consecutive new song to open the show .
prosecutors said reaves used that phone to call hayes at 2 : 42 p.m.
1963 - peru returns to civilian rule with centrist fernando belaunde terry as president .
you can turn off the heat as soon as the chocolate starts to melt .
there was , axelrod said , " a misunderstanding out there about that . "
it compared to just under one in seven among pupils in the richest neighbourhoods .
the new aircraft program is planned to include production of more than 200 aircraft .
as his unfamiliarity with the case emerged , i realised that this was spot-on .
the easiest way to tackle anti-social behaviour is by engaging with young people more .
shaun was in the boat while scott was in the water with the camera .
and it 's a great , maybe the great , rock and roll song .
and herds of fat beef cattle mow their way across fields of green grass .
jack then went back to the free-throw line , this time making both shots .
in the ' 70s , rockers like george harrison raised millions for cyclone-ravaged bangladesh .
the case had been closely followed in mexico as a test of press freedom .
because many of the obstacles that have held mobile advertising back are going away .
gm blamed weakness in the north american market , where sales plunged 18.9 % .
the museum , which opened in 1988 , had only 400 visitors in 2007 .
ankles are particularly vulnerable because skate boots provide little resistance to a fast-moving puck .
she never fully recovered from his death nine years ago , ms reddin said .
having health insurance is the dividing line when it comes to expectations for reform .
cisco shares rose to around $ 22.54 after closing at $ 22.17 on nasdaq .
another 30 percent still don 't know what to make of the five-term congressman .
a crowd estimated by police at 65,000 demonstrated in central seoul on friday night .
appomattox is in a county of about 15,000 approximately 100 miles southwest of richmond .
they said he sexually abused at least one of them and strangled them all .
donaghy pleaded guilty to providing gamblers with inside information about officiating crews and players .
compared with december 2008 , sales were down 2.5 percent , the office said .
he 's developed into a brilliant pop songwriter , meaning we now have two .
after the break on tuesday , mr. dudamel and the orchestra seemed to relax .
fans were treated to a blistering 20-track set that took in all six albums .
are we seeing a replay of past controversies , if on a grander scale ?
oh and how cute - chelsea now has front billing over " bill . "
a post-mortem examination showed ruby spink died from a head injury in september 2007 .
it 's one of those strange moments , the start of an arctic expedition .
on friday , evans will take his final recruiting visit , to top-rated memphis .
u.s. bancorp said it may sell an additional 20.85 million shares to meet demand .
and it 's nice to know i 'm not the only sucker out there .
this sheared off one of the wheels and brought the car to a halt .
maintaining fiscal accommodation this year and next requires a credible commitment to consolidation later .
but for some folks , scaling back on non-essential spending is a good thing .
gay rights activists have condemned gambian president yahya jammeh 's threat to behead homosexuals .
in scotland , heavy snow overnight forced councils to shut schools around the country .
the us authorities are believed to be investigating nine banks in relation to iran .
madonna threw a farewell party saturday at the luxury lodge where she was staying .
" heads they win , tails they break even , " mr. frank said .
gibbons was released by the baltimore orioles before the start of the regular season .
" usually journalists show us credentials , " said the nervy young sales fellow .
from the english translation of an article in italy 's il sole 24 ore .
gianni nicchi , 28 , was found in an apartment in palermo , sicily .
shore excursions are also offered , ideal for parents struggling to keep children entertained .
" i 'm not sure i ever had any control , " he said .
in recent years , several developments have bolstered the view that flashbulbs are special .
put it in a container of water and apply pressure evenly to all sides .
perhaps she may need a vigorous handling by someone , perhaps lovemaking by someone .
residential air conditioner sales represent about 5 percent of united tech 's total revenue .
federal law allows some workers to take up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave .
heartfelt lyrics pour out over painful blues and beautiful folk , fusing together perfectly .
pietersen 's injury first surfaced during england 's tour of west indies in march .
gold prices rose as some investors hedged against the inflationary rise in oil prices .
the team said romo had additional evaluation and testing , including a ct scan .
subs : krul ( g ) , lovenkrands , kadar , tozer , donaldson .
it 's part of newspapers , and all who read them must accept that .
he was removed from power in june and forced into exile but later returned .
" they put a lot of pressure on us offensively , " leitao said .
she then tells parliament within two days the 42-day rule is available to police .
for the rain-makers among you , it 's sunny and clear overhead in galle .
supporters of the regime will say the critics are overacting after three poor weeks .
" you can now see the stars from the bed , " she says .
microsoft exchange server , the previous e-mail system , had its share of problems .
the mayor said seven buildings have been evacuated as a precaution following the collapse .
the increased popularity of flagship recruitment schemes leaves more graduates fighting over fewer places .
keith yandle led the way with 12 goals , while ed jovanovski added 10 .
occasionally i would look up to make a philosophical investigation of a passing undergraduette .
about 1.8 million children of undocumented immigrants live in poverty , the study found .
but it is its internal tribulations with which shabi is concerned in her book .
in past years of the war , fighting has slowed during the cold weather .
chi _ urlacher 85 interception return ( gould kick ) , 11 : 20 .
comedy stars can 't be role models when their job is to entertain us .
yes , fans eat and drink themselves into a pre-game stupor during pregame tailgating .
israel 's air assault was the most punishing since hamas overran gaza in june .
approximately 40 to 45 megawatts ( mw ) per hour of renewable electrical power .
francona 's answer was a reflex , probably , a hedge against raising expectations .
" being a dancer was considered prestigious during soviet times , " he said .
there have been 34 defaulters from the emerging markets while 12 are from europe .
all very handy for a young man who has just bought his first flat .
youtube has only increased its share of the user-contributed video market since the deal .
re : adoption : a great choice for some , but not for all .
hong kong , march 17 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- nam tai electronics , inc .
" from a security point of view we are relaxed , " he added .
laffey ( 2-0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1-3 innings .
jolie said earlier this month that she was thinking of giving birth in france .
no pool , but a nice garden , with room for tables and chairs ?
beatty -- except for court appearances -- slipped from the public eye last year .
are substitutions and off-piste ordering every customer 's right or every restaurant 's nightmare ?
as a doughboy , buckles drove motorcycle sidecars and ambulances in england and france .
china a shares have been the frothiest this year , up by 104 % .
a teenager grounded for drinking and missing curfew has launched a rebellion on facebook .
the average amount borrowed was £ 288 but the average repayment was £ 820 .
as for addressing all those false-start penalties the bills have been committing this season ?
but to be sure , mukasey still has some strong supporters on the committee .
" no research has ever proved that any reproductive health product has increased promiscuity .
didn 't bush and blair invade to stop the mahdi from winning power ? "
the british colonials hanged him after fielding 12,000 troops to suppress his peasant army .
britain is the only nation out of 38 to qualify for every medal race .
in surveys and censuses , separate questions are asked on hispanic origin and race .
on friday , fitch downgraded ambac to a double-a credit from a triple-a credit .
her government has expanded the provision of health care , child care and pensions .
he 's a smart man , but he doesn 't have all the experience .
the immigration ministry said one-quarter of asylum requests it receives are from mexican citizens .
it went really wrong for sharapova and there 's no mystery as to why .
the bills actually had a chance to tie the game in the fourth quarter .
the script was written by enduring comedy partnership dick clement and ian la frenais .
this year , the teacher awards can be viewed via live streaming at www.tllccf.org.
they also called on oil-producing nations to help cut energy prices by raising output .
yet the absolutely crucial importance of preserving the bio-diversity because it is so unique .
case was born at frome in 1918 into a family in the leather trade .
barnsley have decided to send on-loan striker daniel nardiello back to queens park rangers .
just don 't take more than the recommended daily allowance without consulting a doctor .
there are no pretty beaches here , just granite cliffs above a cold sea .
but this week 's meetings have again proved that it 's an elusive goal .
but when his church burned in 1973 , jones lost his mojo big time .
undeterred , we packed a wheelchair and determined to make the best of it .
bujumbura , burundi -- the hills around town do not ring with gunfire anymore .
the council said that about 62 % of workers would see wages go up .
everyone seems to have recognised his cheery stamina and his practical attention to detail .
nearly 3,000 people were killed when 19 men hijacked four planes six years ago .
president bush 's power was inherent because congress gave it to him years earlier !
they 're two of the most prominent and highly paid figures in college basketball .
the engine sputtered earlier this year , but on thursday it was humming again .
so the squeeze could go on , even though ocado is now hugely overvalued .
it became , like so many post-millennium projects , something of a white elephant .
the authorities fear that the death toll there could be as high as 200 .
he urged insurers and employers to work together to continue to hold down rates .
a video of trials ace dougie lampkin running amok on a motorcycle in goodwood .
this cut the supply of food on world markets , sending prices even higher .
the records don 't indicate if he 'll plead guilty to a lesser charge .
the unbeaten canadians captured a hard-fought 6-3 victory over surprising sweden in their semifinal .
anaheim , calif . - vladimir guerrero showed impeccable timing in reaching a milestone .
" if we don 't make a stand now what happens in the future ?
" if you cannot lead , leave it to the rest of us .
cuba has said human rights are strictly an internal matter not subject to negotiation .
" taxpayers are already feeling the pain of council tax having doubled under labour .
goldman sachs was already advising on a planned merger between amlak and tamweel finance .
as the sun came out , bird after bird made a sketch of silliness .
i play the piano in my spare time and would have liked to perform .
most of the action , for practical reasons , had to be imagined offstage .
" my actions were a poor error of judgment and something i deeply regret .
this bill without a public option ( po ) will be a complete nightmare ..
here , i 've focused on one particular version of the evolutionist 's dream .
the white house again played down persistent speculation that banks could be effectively nationalized .
ap writers zeina karam and elizabeth a. kennedy contributed to this report from beirut .
fans of the los angeles dodgers have been placed on the 50-day disgusted list .
he is certain to point out that his budget actually boosts funding for nasa .
his office provided copies of the speech to reporters in the national capital canberra .
next year income 12s 6d expenditure � 1 , result : greater misery � .
unlike other shiite political figures , he refused to work with the united states .
tailbacks ahmad bradshaw and brandon jacobs ran for one touchdown each for the giants .
i have never used any hallucinogenic pharmacological product ; nor do i intend to .
the rich red wines produced there are merlots and cabernet sauvignons , he said .
the title marked the south korean 's first career victory on the lpga tour .
she said it all in ray of light , " one enthused on allaboutmadonna .
revealing the causes of this shift towards a dieting obsession is far from straightforward .
consequently , the consumer reports ratings for georgia hospitals are based on leapfrog data .
" we are looking at our clearing systems in europe , " he said .
such options are , of course , not open to and affordable by everyone .
shin craned his neck to take a look while dow felt paniagua 's throat .
on shore you 'll find lively beach volleyball competitions and an international half-marathon race .
in the meantime , local businesses are suffering from an already tight labor market .
" we went beyond formaldehyde and looked at levels of other volatile organic compounds .
but mcbride of bankrate.com said that 's not necessarily going to be the case .
hp estimates a 250-page paperback printed on its machines will cost about $ 15 .
wachovia bank of delaware are members fdic. investment products and services at evergreeninvestments.com.
buying bonds supports their prices , taking pressure off the banks that hold them .
the two professions are more alike than one might think , according to acaba .
there was j.b. holmes , who at 25 became a two-time winner in phoenix .
stone gave much time and creative energy as visiting consultant to these progressive establishments .
virgin atlantic ceo steve ridgway on why airfares are only going to get steeper .
still ... it 's worth a look on the other side of the river .
uncover and cook on high for 2 or 3 minutes , until very soft .
and a drink problem , allied to a proneness to get punchy in public .
maybe it 's because it 's a different culture , i don 't know .
it 's also motivation to not buy more house than you can safely afford .
then within a minute , wigan were ahead after a terrible mistake from agger .
sometimes the anguish is so great that he thumps pillows to relieve his frustration .
and the vancouver announcement was accompanied by national newspaper ads comparing the two events .
companies must also register with the ministry of trade and the ministry of interior .
she will attend the university of maryland 's eastern shore campus to study biology .
below is how i see the race for best supporting actor at this point .
a german official described the russian penetration of nato as a " catastrophe . "
bergkamp exuded intelligence and an awareness of football as a power for social good .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.48 gmt on sunday 17 january 2010 .
his previous win was for " third rock from the sun " in 1997 .
mortgage rates are pretty much exactly where they were before the rate-cutting campaign began .
women just need to buy shoes ( or in my case , not ) .
thus , they were forced to close out their long positions and sell oil .
villagers have being asked to pack overnight bags in case the situation develops further .
sending the shipment back to iran had been ruled out by the cyprus government .
" remembering will always remain a duty , but we should also look forward .
in that time , gm has borrowed $ 15.4 billion from the federal government .
despite her sometimes fearsome reputation , she was not devoid of a ready wit .
analysts expected 28 cents per share , according to a poll by thomson reuters .
dita von teese has a new romance with a french aristocrat 11 years younger .
yet academics must survive and stake their position on the totem pole of academia .
" we didn 't feel in this time period we could do any more .
not everything would be so familiar , were orwell to visit a pub today .
five other cases have either been settled in plea bargains or are still pending .
a colony of more than 1,000 spinner dolphins can often be spotted frolicking nearby .
time to get those tinned goods people , and all the bottles of water .
his arrest triggered mass demonstrations in tbilisi and helped unite a fractured opposition movement .
it arrived just as mr. kozinn was making a big bet on park avenue .
eastern europe holds as much $ 1.6 trillion in foreign-currency debt , analysts say .
women have killed their unborn babies with sticks because of pain no medical care .
woods underwent an anterior cruciate ligament ( acl ) reconstruction of his left knee .
this is a father-son story at its heart , " director r. balakrishnan said .
sculpture is not hugely represented , in part due to storage and delivery problems .
residents taunted the chief and pelted him with rocks moments before he was killed .
but it did have the huge advantage of ensuring stability when conditions got rough .
the official added that whatever solution emerges must not jeopardize israel 's security needs .
" people are afraid they won 't have enough , " ms. wiltshire said .
she is expected to be released from custody after testifying against the other members .
that is why sentimentality towards women tends to be limited to the private sphere .
in fact , a loop investigation so far indicates that is not the case .
he lost his vision 50 years ago and had limited mobility for many years .
he also led the american league in runs , total bases , and doubles .
a watch means tropical storm conditions are expected in the area within 36 hours .
then , up to 30,000 joined protests outside four government ministries and government house .
the nine had been convicted of murder and other crimes committed during the unrest .
they always like to play an advanced , attacking game , " hiddink said .
ventotene lies in the tyrrhenian sea just west of the mainland region of campania .
thousands of power outages were reported in illinois , missouri , michigan and wisconsin .
" from there , i believe she will go to london , then scotland .
then , one of the guests collapses on the floor , clutching his chest .
does the collective share an aesthetic as well a web-site and a record label ?
manny acosta ( 3-1 ) got the win with two perfect innings in relief .
michelle obama takes the stage for her first major public address of the campaign .
" i know this will fill you all with pleasure , " he said .
there are well-staged crowd shootouts , helicopter combat and lots of stuff blowing up .
i think this blog is a fabulous idea and want to thank the author .
internet access remains restricted to certain workplaces , schools and universities on the island .
he added that the measures would " only be implemented if absolutely needed . "
lack of progress on these issues had held up the tranche for several weeks .
" turkey should assume the role of a father ( to iraqi kurds ) .
where should humans be going in space , and how should we get there ?
a few days ago , hugh rodham held a reception here for clinton volunteers .
was it your experience , your attitude , your interview answers , your outfit ?
a military helicopter has been forced to make an emergency landing in county down .
a hurricane warning was issued from east of high island to cameron , la .
they are to hear from county executive craig gerhart on the overall issue oct .
and none of the red sox baserunners made it as far as third base .
in a way , slade is only picking up where hard candy left off .
the interior of the mini-bus was old and grey and had no taxi meter .
it 's hard to respond to hearsay comments , " momjian said via phone .
her friend sherri schuck , a prosecutor from kansas , is a proud nrfbist .
the players , all 20 years old or younger , had left the ice .
refusing to attend the opening ceremonies would accomplish exactly that , " they wrote .
but the brit then found kotey to the body and soon forced the finish .
so , for my 7.95 mth aol remains a useful tool for my needs .
no one knows this better than terence kealey , vice chancellor of buckingham university .
insist upon small denomination bills , and avoid transactions with dealers in the street .
ms. keehner of customs and border protection said the agency was reviewing its options .
saudi arabia is spending over $ 90 billion in energy projects locally and abroad .
britton confirmed this was an isolated incident , and no one else was injured .
" our business is suffering because our customers are suffering , " levra said .
vennegoor of hesselink put celtic on their way to victory with a first-half opener .
" the water it is finished , " a man said in broken english .
( nyse : aai ) , today reported traffic for the month of september .
but for this version directed by louis leterrier , that 's not to be .
movies were made for general audiences ; that meant they were pitched toward adults .
it can boost a nation 's morale or image , but not much else .
to seize the moon by the teeth : attempt the impossible ( french ) .
he estimated that at least three-quarters of the city 's roughly 9,000 residents evacuated .
imagine how many long , grueling days he will have in the white house .
food , glorious food , is mostly what the gourmet ghetto is all about .
those measures included issuing large amounts of treasury bonds and ramping up public investment .
the chinese government has essentially frozen the yuan 's value over the past year .
her regular drinking is likely to have caused the disease , dr knapman said .
" politically , i 'm against finding the single answer , " mcelheny insists .
from him , england would have been hoping , would come the definitive innings .
" i told bill , ' let 's get married next week . ' "
they 're skipping the expensive overseas vacations and going to disneyland -- japan style .
previous mouse experiments indicate binge drinking inhibits the body 's production of pro-inflammatory cytokines .
the final valuation of the collection is expected to run to several thousand pounds .
between april and december , the couple spent only three weeks on their own .
activists across the palestinian territories felt entertainment was inappropriate at a time of struggle .
israel 's medical services were put on high alert in case of further clashes .
john heaps at magna science centre in south yorkshire won the customer service award .
he won 't have the draw of playing with his brother for another year .
" you really cannot forecast how much further the market will rally now .
roddick , seeded second , defeated kevin anderson 6-2 , 4-6 , 6-2 saturday .
bouncers did not seem to believe the singer , and took her car keys .
justin li , a 17-year-old senior , photographed the protest for the school paper .
lajanna robinson 's three children combined missed hundreds of days of school last year .
watkins said he didn 't know whether or not the conversation ever took place .
hamas and other groups have responded with rocket salvoes -- including several on monday .
it 's a slinky , body-hugging number crafted from the president 's campaign posters .
the attacks are threatening to destabilise one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
after all , k street 's second shift doesn 't start until 10 p.m.
he was initially arrested in connection with her death but no charges were brought .
instead , they concentrated solely on the behaviour of the milan goalkeeper , dida .
i told them that it was only temporary , that we would eventually leave .
i 'd say bush would handily win a " most hated man " -contest .
he talks a brave film , but ultimately the infidel is just too timid .
as part of a mutual exchange , a japanese ship will visit china later .
a group of union members launched into a booming " madame president " singsong .
a third man has been arrested in an investigation into alleged corruption in stoke-on-trent .
it is the latest in a series of electric cars being announced by manufacturers .
the public sale of club nokia tickets is scheduled to start at 10 a.m.
whippany , n.j. -- sue mcnamara is the envy of friends and family alike .
police found notes in mrs boto 's car that she had written to relatives .
he wants it cut down and a genetically identical tree planted in its place .
a good way to start appreciating your ancestors is to learn something about them .
i 'd say that our government ratifying this treaty without a referendum is illegal .
she was mentioned as a possible democratic vice presidential candidate in 2004 and 2008 .
bankers face additional scrutiny : their salaries must be vetted by the central bank .
will jaden prove to be as big a box-office draw as his famous dad ?
but the hotel has more than 560 rooms and all were being systematically checked .
jamarco warren led charleston southern with 23 points , going 5-for-10 from 3-point range .
nicotine replacement products are available as patches , lozenges , inhalers and nasal sprays .
" i 've never done any favors for anybody--lobbyist or special-interest group .
" the scott-harden pheasants are high , " paddy explained at our weekly meeting .
toronto has won back-to-back games for the first time in more than a month .
things went from bad to worse for brown as myhill was booked for fouling .
( they have not yet undergone tests for pigeon-proofing , ms. jerome said ) .
it was like one of those stranded oil tankers leaking bad news all summer .
the four-minute recording was produced by al qaeda 's media arm , as sahab .
i have to say that the opposition party in britain opposes both these measures .
faculty members said they wanted different performance evaluations and a greater degree of self-governance .
now the supreme court will hear arguments over whether the search went too far .
columbia , calif . -- maybe it was the nail in ray 's head .
the sunbelt oilmen helped to promote the careers of ronald reagan and the bushes .
allen was released on bond after appearing wednesday in u.s. district court in richmond .
until now the lanes have been designated for buses , taxis and bicycles only .
" i can still make tackles and i 'm lucky to still be playing .
to nato - do you still want to incorporate caucasian vendettas into your alliance ?
the suit is in federal court because the health center operates under federal law .
last year , the company began inviting investors to seminars to promote its products .
yossi stern , a 35-year-old rabbi , runs the yeshiva with a bustling energy .
congressional aides and administration officials said a lot of detail remained to be decided .
an american teenager has become the youngest person to sail around the world alone .
that does , however , mean that russia understands the reality of the situation .
encore episodes of " american idol rewind " air on the tv guide channel .
just to be clear : ridgway was law enforcement , not a social worker .
his serve in a pressure point is usually a flat bomb up the middle .
the camera never recorded a view of the women , according to the company .
a month ago the market was apparently working very well , according to ofgem .
" leukaemia research has been organising bikeathons for 20 years , " she said .
matalan has appointed goldman sachs to help advise on a possible sale alongside pwc .
georgia , meanwhile , claimed that russian forces blew up a railroad bridge saturday .
the desperately poor country is also struggling to emerge from a 1998-2002 civil war .
cosby was shot inside the dorm 's common area and died the next day .
and the nationals are expected to move into their 41,000-seat stadium in the spring .
the shootings fanned fears of a return to violence after years of fragile peace .
foremost among them could be all writers of adult fiction not called dan brown .
staff researchers robert e. thomason and julie tate in washington contributed to this report .
the state says it found bloody gauze and surgical waste in regular trash bags .
but the london summit comprehensively failed to do what it set out to do .
intuit denied that there was any software problem , but apparently the state disagreed .
the deadline for the first phase , called " concept , " is monday .
britain and poland are generally opposed to any tax harmonization at the european level .
danny pang , founder of irvine-based pemgroup , leaves federal court in santa ana .
these matters , the judge said , affected mr clements ' " credibility . "
although its search engine is renowned for its reliability , google isn 't fail-safe .
mr medvedev is seen as being on the liberal wing of the current administration .
then as now , they hoped to minimise the services while maximising the revenues .
( 6 ) syracuse vs. ( 11 ) florida at tampa , 9 p.m.
wolves 's were demoralised , their 3-5-2 formation made to a look a mess .
a multicolored light show at the eiffel tower dazzled crowds in paris , france .
crews were deepening the diversion channel and digging a second spillway , xinhua said .
no , and i think this has to do with your state of mind .
a closure motion is one that seeks to bring a debate to an end .
predicted anc win has some asking : is south africa becoming a one-party state ?
neither pitcher has the profile of joba chamberlain , ian kennedy or phil hughes .
blackwater says its employees acted lawfully in that incident , which is under investigation .
" every morning we saw flowers on the hotel gazebos -- slightly recycled . "
usa hockey also had some practical reasons to put a lid on the belligerence .
us papers have covered the westminster expenses scandal mostly through tales of petty acquisitiveness .
it added that it had been a " very exciting " weekend for rugby .
suspicion centred on new zealand 's traditional trans-tasman rival australia although currie denied it .
we could almost feel the conflict between reason , emotion , loyalty and honour .
work is also continuing to trace the source of the virus , defra said .
after 30 minutes of concentration , the mile-long rope is coiled in usable form .
the shootings have reminded the country of the city 's association with gun violence .
otherwise , they argued , the curbs ' rebound on consumers would be devastating .
nothing , surely , could interrupt the optimistic , hedonistic , utopian jazz age ?
iran 's crown jewel , the oil industry , would likely suffer as well .
" they won the cup , but they did not have a great season .
alvin aaron will be standing against current town constable simon crowcroft in the elections .
the character 's evident immaturity shows that the actress is wise beyond her years .
" they get entangled in the fishing nets and die , " smith said .
the casualties are being treated in hospital but their injuries are not life threatening .
" he is free to go anywhere he wants , " the general said .
china has a total of 290 companies making powdered milk , the administration said .
employees and customers have been talking about exactly what the store 's closing means .
for school bus driver jamille aine , a cold is more than an inconvenience .
the blast damaged nearby buildings and set several parked cars ablaze , witnesses reported .
huntsman has made no secret of his national ambitions and should be watched closely .
my vote will go to the person i believe will make the best president .
amanda boorman at la rosa hotel in whitby has that synergy with her accommodation .
uefa have charged arsenal 's eduardo with diving to win a penalty against celtic .
weather conditions at the time of the collision were reported to have been good .
mainstream shows such as hollyoaks , shameless and eastenders are bringing disabled actors in .
family members of returning soldiers sat on dozens of rows of white plastic chairs .
they are dusting down their pet schemes and they suddenly make the headlines again .
the red sox managed only five hits off palmer , who struck out eight .
if you stick by your initial agreements , things won 't get that expensive .
dr borlaug died on saturday in dallas , texas , from complications from cancer .
some shareholders said they considered ventana worth far more than $ 75 a share .
the federal deposit insurance corporation insures $ 100,000 per depositor , per insured bank .
prominence between 1975 and the present " category , which was created in 2005 .
army troops were restricted to a government building while militants patrolled in some areas .
in the 20th century , accounts of the west often centered on this paradox .
" we don 't anticipate we will be turned down , " he said .
the daily mirror heralds a " blitz on shops peddling booze to kids . "
six months later , we had a storybook wedding in the south of france .
fergus , 27 , is the son of caroline eckersley , a former model .
the thames barrier will close today at 1330 gmt to protect properties from flooding .
editor 's note : brian richards does not own shares of any companies mentioned .
" this is a case where police followed a package from the post office .
but i always had the dream of becoming olympic champion , a renowned sportswoman .
" countries or individuals that engage in cyber-attacks should face consequences and international condemnation .
" i have a former client who is a judge , " he said .
mckenzie sleeps four to five hours a night -- so ertel does , too .
bidders for replacement franchises will offer far less , or even demand a subsidy .
seems like hospitals and doctors should be using the online systems already in place .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 20.31 gmt on thursday 4 march 2010 .
shipe , 59 , sips chardonnay ; kram , 69 , isn 't drinking .
however , cancellation rates have slowed to 21pc , from 30pc in the first-half .
the education system has its share of problems from government policies and constant wars .
the plane was a hawker 800 jet operating as east coast jets flight 81 .
the gallery , at 500 17th st. nw , is open 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
" i do think it has been a useful tool , " simpson said .
the suspect is described as about 6ft tall and of " solid " appearance .
the plan calls for the units to be connected to an existing jewish neighbourhood .
glencross eluded the backcheck of daymond langkow and fired a shot past miikka kiprusoff .
i don 't know whether it is because i am playing with great players .
wilson dropped out of the dreamworks movie after an apparent suicide attempt last month .
the footage includes interviews and is available on demand at mtv.com following the premiere .
us light , sweet crude was down $ 1.86 at $ 111.60 a barrel .
didn 't you read a newspaper at the beginning of this season , mac ?
here 's my stable ; portis , lynch , bradshaw , and deangelo williams .
an exact figure for the savings that will be required is not yet available .
ms. hedgepeth fell behind on the $ 1,300 monthly rent on their two-bedroom apartment .
the army materiel command supplied pizza combos , beef jerky and caffeinated chewing gum .
plans for a major supermarket development in kelso are to be discussed by councillors .
trash disposal is a lucrative business and gangs have profited from the ongoing crisis .
the trains were full of riders , but there are no life-threatening injuries reported .
" sometimes this is just as important as anything else , " alvarez said .
widmeyer communications of the district named kristofer eisenla assistant vice president , public affairs .
ryan bravo died in the incident at the costcutter store in walworth on wednesday .
but physically the players still did not play well , " the coach said .
chief executives get no credit in good times if their companies have good credit .
employees at archway cookies bakery find out that their workplace is being shut down .
democrat obama or republican mccain , " meshaal told jordan 's al-arab al-yawm daily .
the ecstatic lithuanians are dancing up and down on the corpse of british tennis .
any new laptop or desktop should burn cds , and most can burn dvds .
around 900 students at a school in spain are taking part in an eisteddfod .
" the only solution i see is a coordinated effort by various naval forces .
" our joint weight loss has brought us closer together , " says walling .
attacking the afghan taliban will further de-stabilize pakistan as refugees and fighters seek refuge .
for the second year in a row , johnson won the all-around gold medal .
mixing their signals , iranian leaders also said that they were ready to compromise .
the company was also unable to say who was being escorted at the time .
" canada is a stranger to the prosecution , " frater told the court .
results were published in january 's issue of the journal archives of general psychiatry .
the dow jones industrial average rose 44.13 , or 0.5 percent , to 8,324.87 .
by comparison , gilliam 's novel solution to ledger 's death is consciously low-tech .
he has been scribbling down his dad 's rants in a notebook since childhood .
we need to turn our attention to ensuring that this doesn 't happen again .
pretty , entry-level stone cottages can now be bought for less than £ 250,000 .
we need a third party in congress , and it ain 't the teas !
if mrs. mccain cares , she can deal with her husband on the subject .
equity markets continue to face a steady stream of bad corporate and macroeconomic news .
the countries who can survive with good values have something good for even foreigners .
for greater convertibility read more freedom for the yuan to find its own level .
" this is impacting consumer spending and e-commerce growth rates , " he said .
further review meetings scheduled ; process to complete at 2009 un summit in copenhagen .
but baron cohen has piqued interest by largely remaining a secret to the public .
the republican primary , in which she would face perry , is in march .
" it 'll focus on traffic calming like building out pavements and speed bumps .
the officer , victor ariza mendoza , has been arrested and charged with spying .
record rates of foreclosure continue to be the biggest obstacle facing the housing recovery .
opposition to obama 's " changes " is a moral obligation to the country .
washington found himself one day playing pickup against current georgetown forward patrick ewing jr .
the moreno twins , daida and iballa have scooped 18 world titles between them .
with last night 's screening we finally saw what all the fuss was about .
but i am a new yorker who spends his nights sitting behind a desk .
in 1990 , labour controlled brent was capped after increasing spending by 1.4 % .
the statement said the plan will create jobs and stoke economic growth in minnesota .
the most famous feature of the original office live was the free domain-name registration .
there were guard towers to man , patrols to conduct , reports to write .
someone who bought a powerball ticket in south carolina is a whole lot richer .
and there are better days ahead for this country , " his spokesman said .
the steps would also limit the premiums that could be charged for such people .
but today , health officials do not consider excess fat a thing of beauty .
" the idea is to get it there within the next day or two .
to paraphrase an old axiom : it 's hard out here for a coach .
sounds like a lot of rather lazy or exceedingly stupid people were approving documents .
but down at mclaren and ferrari they misread that and nobody felt like laughing .
the newspaper reported it is illegal to negligently set a trap in city limits .
oil prices remain more than 70 % higher than they were a year ago .
the explosions happened in quick succession just before 11.30am and were in different locations .
guests are showered with luxuries , including a complimentary bottle of wine on arrival .
in the absence of final results , months of careful preparation could be threatened .
unlike the big brother state these companies are not elected and are not accountable .
it is unlikely that kia could register similar gains with any investment at home .
problems in the housing market have also been moving up the loan quality chain .
after that we drew lots and the pupils paired off with our adult helpers .
the authorities said the attack apparently stemmed from an altercation earlier in the day .
choose the future , " the former space agency chief wrote in the letter .
mr vaz responded that leaving it up to the consumer was not good enough .
mr brown responds with an attack on the tory plans to do just that .
louis van gaal must have been satisfied of late with his team 's form .
federal and state officials have also disagreed about who should take the lead role .
but those injuries were more serious than the current ones are believed to be .
the man was taken into custody but was not charged wednesday , wiley said .
but no one doubted any more that it would survive as a single entity .
rebellion is about passion , but it 's driven by universal themes and images .
the opposition said his anticipated victory was based on vote-rigging on a massive scale .
i always said too that if the kids left , i would leave too .
he said he warmly welcomed a group set up to battle against petty legislation .
the donation is part of the festival 's " green footsteps " climate campaign .
the iaaf later confirmed a provisional suspension for 1,500m and 5,000m runner olga yegorova .
her careful attention to hand-lettered signs and reflections in store-window displays is almost uncanny .
the white house star party is just one of several space-themed events this week .
there is no doubt that size does matter - the markets have proven that .
nationally , about 6.5 million people are receiving unemployment benefits , the newspaper said .
perhaps he likes to argue or perhaps he likes the attention the argument brings .
exhausted on arrival , mr blair had been desperately seeking some solace and understanding .
herrmann , he adds , " is such an interesting and adventurous composer . "
" there is a whole lot more work to do , " he said .
in a set-up prone to cliques , the 59-year-old has had a unifying effect .
her sister-in-law lost a baby when the fetus got an infection in the womb .
wall street had a case of the winter blues in january , and understandably .
late readers - please look at jaytt , posted at 12 : 19 am .
even huckabee appears to have been caught unprepared by the sudden turn of events .
we sent him the script and he said yes - it was pretty straightforward .
the behaviour of the state of israel towards the palestinian people is truly appalling .
the 14 interceptions rank fifth in school history and third among active ncaa players .
only game peripherals escaped a decline , growing 2 % to $ 217 million .
the performers can become targets when they are associated with one or other gang .
people like david bass , who pursued such a job after leaving the army .
academics are people who wear cardigans and sit in libraries reading books all day .
on sunday , five tunnel workers died when a tunnel collapsed from heavy rains .
but the experience made me more distrustful of making such a covenant with myself .
ryanair is not the only low-cost carrier to run afoul of british ad regulators .
dillon also rushed for 136 yards on 26 carries , including his 14-yard score .
many villagers have begun working as domestic servants or daily-wage laborers in nearby towns .
it is a hospital which specialises in working with people with autistic spectrum disorders .
protests were also held in smaller cities like isfahan , shiraz , and tabriz .
analysts believe the upcoming holiday shopping season could be among the slowest in decades .
( ap ) - nasa will try to launch space shuttle discovery next week .
clyburn railed back that if the rules are not respected , nothing gets done .
which is , by the way , a freelance musician , mostly in london .
spence has been attacked for sounding callous , but i think she 's right .
" everyone is looking forward to it , especially the fans in this series .
more information is available on mosys ' website at http : / / www.mosys.com.
proof , if proof were required , that putters tend to let you down .
the two are charged with first degree robbery and threatening in the first degree .
the more possessive teams , such as spain and brazil , are less troubled .
but sharon dauwalder , spenser 's mother , said they will fight it nonetheless .
" and so people come and mingle together like a real community of artists .
i 'm willing to admit the likelihood that he knows something i don 't .
given a chance to shoot , he showed he hasn 't lost his touch .
a majority verdict at edinburgh sheriff court found him guilty of theft and fraud .
but the british medical association said polyclinics were still an unproven model of healthcare .
it is hard to imagine something more subversive to our american values than this .
the services division 's healthy free cash flow currently finances the expansion of hotels .
i have been told many times that i should be ashamed to be indian .
the tv debates are necessary because politics in this country has changed for ever .
but putting so many eggs in this one basket is not a good idea .
it is virtually impossible to stop or interdict terrorists bent on using biological weapons .
" no doubt this will include representatives of the government , " he added .
police said a " vehicle emergency hammer " is believed to have been used .
the securities and exchange commission shut down three of stanford 's companies this week .
i am so disturbed after watching this story , and every american should be .
a bystander who tried to wrestle the gun away from molenaar was also shot .
associated press writer kelley shannon in austin , texas , contributed to this report .
sarah palin made the base gurgle , but her cultural wedgies repelled everyone else .
nearly 100 gay couples from rhode island have crossed the state line to marry .
carrie feldman , 20 , was charged with contempt of court and jailed nov .
the white house also announced that mr obama would be visiting moscow this summer .
rob hillman , from the environment agency , said long-term monitoring provided valuable information .
they spoke on condition of anonymity because the rules have not been officially published .
bertie should also consider three options provided by the government to help new businesses .
( cbs ) there is a growing trend of little girls wearing high heels .
and the award for strangest , least edifying analogy of the year goes to ...
cnn : you brought up gospel and you 've done that in the past .
he was being held tuesday at the eastern regional jail on $ 7,500 bond .
more than 212,000 people died in the january 12 earthquake , haitian officials said .
" israel never responds , never confirms and never denies , " he said .
but at bai hua tan , the engineers were thwarted by a huge avalanche .
if they are not , it can cause visual , muscular or skeletal strain .
she was afraid that she didn 't look as good as the other girlfriends .
yes , karen tumulty has been fantastic in her reporting about health care debate .
yes , i know , bill and hillary got prime speaking roles in denver .
" we are not to surrender until they are released , " he added .
it was the headline move on the typically busy first day of free-agent shopping .
dr. james redd of utah was among 24 accused of taking native american relics .
the gene 's variation determines if a person will have curly or straight hair .
perhaps he made frequent trips here to supply sticks of rock -- who knows ?
all the remaining democratic contenders were to meet in a nationally televised debate saturday .
international law said a country 's border was only 12 miles off the coast .
the vatican recently denounced a new wave of arrests of underground priests and bishops .
he will mispronounce words ( " darth varder " slipped his lips monday ) .
the program 's six national championship banners , from 1890-1919 , remain in shadows .
" that 's the excitement he taps into and where his energy comes from .
when he retired a year and a half ago , i took his spot .
as local politics change , so will national politics , " he will say .
that connection with their case manager was a pivotal piece , " arnold said .
each apartment features a private entrance and more than half offer a direct-access garage .
" all indicators show there is growth , " said festival president diana mayhew .
one advert included the testimony of a supposed guerrilla alleging she had been raped .
the afghan defense ministry in kabul put the number of troops killed at nine .
the raids were carried out in east london and essex between 2006 and 2008 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.13 gmt on friday 29 january 2010 .
the journalists ' bosses also clarified that the three did all carry proper permits .
tsvangirai became leader of the main opposition movement for democratic change party in 1999 .
most had at least one parent gone on lengthy deployments in iraq or afghanistan .
" i think i make a pretty good palin myself , " she said .
denver at washington -- broncos : out : t ryan harris ( toe ) .
oh , to sit on those lustrous leather seats again with the company paying .
he did not stop to speak to journalists as he arrived at the prison .
alongside this column you 'll find details on how you can make a difference .
as we have seen in britain , the law is only half the law .
there was no electricity , or phone and mail came only twice a week .
mckenna said a previous 10 percent price increase reduced cigarette consumption about 4 percent .
we improved the energy supply ' , " saakashvili said on the campaign trail .
the long-struggling pageant had promised a new look for this year 's beauty battle .
last june , allegra and i moved into our half-built house for the summer .
the equal justice initiative will challenge the decision in the missouri court of appeals .
he 'll be the junior senator from minnesota , alongside fellow democrat amy klobuchar .
most people were stuck in their marriages , whether they liked it or not .
he said he was concerned about the danger of " demonising the young . "
campbell had time to rip a wrist shot over ty conklin 's left shoulder .
district judge andrew sweet adjourned the hearing at the end of the day-long trial .
the chancellor is now considering a scheme to get a return on his cash .
cnn 's alexander mooney , paul steinhauser and matt hoye contributed to this report .
that 's the highest environmentally friendly rating given by the u.s. green building council .
" my favourite part of horror movies is screaming together and laughing together . "
eventually the pressure becomes too much and they move apart violently as an earthquake .
the swiss people 's party of christoph blocher is the biggest party in switzerland .
it believes that natural england is concerned more with protecting wildlife than human enjoyment .
in the short term , he will have to rein in public spending fiercely .
the last one being 2 years ago and that one was a triple whammy .
the theft was only discovered on sunday evening - after the matches had ended .
she hopes that 100 schemes will receive the quality mark in the next year .
if you walk into a bookstore for no reason , what sections attract you ?
the royally crisp , red prince apple , is sure to delight apple lovers .
it said two people suspected of being involved in planning the attack were detained .
security and americans ' health care at the mercy of the tumbling stock market .
i coached their youth side and was number two to vicente del bosque there .
the company was acquired on wednesday by tethys bioscience inc of emeryville , california .
there was a small shiver of terror from the newspaper folk around the table .
education is provided by universities , with placements in local hospital and community settings .
intel also said its gross profit margin would be near the top of forecasts .
for those of a statistical bent one omen went their way from the start .
last week , raza rabbani , a senior federal minister also quit his job .
trustees of indiana university , $ 85.6 million of indiana university student fee bonds .
but if they draw and newcastle win at villa , hull will go down .
the twin 150-mile races determine the starting lineup for sunday 's season-opening daytona 500 .
apparently , both read the script and couldn 't wait to be in it .
xanthe shows loyd how to make gazpacho with olive and goat 's cheese toasts .
through december 2009 , scrap prices have risen roughly $ 100 per tonne year-over-year .
she hopes by late 2010 to be doing both donor pairs and chains nationally .
the american civil liberties union , which represented mr. khouzam , echoed that view .
since they both traveled heavily for their work , they had lots of opportunities .
the am hallo arena in essen is rocking , because it is handball night .
they gave him the money and don 't expect him to pay it back .
the jets sent a third-rounder , a fourth-rounder and a seventh-rounder to the lions .
4 by a relative who came to pick her up for a medical appointment .
mr walker met baugur executives on tuesday night to discuss the chain 's options .
women have been known to flee in horror when exposed to such hellish vistas .
he spent ten years with his father while he was in exile in sudan .
emmer and the foos brothers noticed it had message boards all over the internet .
a public inquiry into his death was announced by mr browne in may 2008 .
governments will not be able to close their fiscal gaps through spending cuts alone .
campaign events for turkey 's islamic-guided party are massive affairs with laser light shows .
then just as the itunes track reached its dramatic crescendo , the fuse blew .
i 've had bigger arguments with me toenails , you know what i mean ?
for katy frost , the traumatic diagnosis of a rare disease has been overcome .
the suit was filed friday in federal court on behalf of 22 black plaintiffs .
but unlike previous games this season , his supporting cast didn 't come through .
the first lady also has the opportunity to make a compelling case for chicago .
two other men were convicted in connection with the killing in 2005 and 2006 .
" these were exceptional circumstances and they had a duty of care towards her .
at least 77 homes have been destroyed since the fire broke out may 5 .
" a steadily growing number of americans say progress is being made in iraq .
additionally , aflac also made a $ 20,000 donation to coaches curing kids cancer .
she said her tailspin of depression was intertwined with her lifelong addiction to food .
show some gratitude to the celts , too , for inventing the bacon sarnie .
the government has a seasoned ministerial team under george alogoskoufis , the finance minister .
we think they must grow up as they travel the country or the world .
it 's hard to correctly gauge the feeling on the base at the moment .
graham finishes the 2008-09 season with four touchdowns after 132 carries for 563 yards .
ozawa led the american orchestra longer than any other conductor in its 125-year history .
i agree , it is nice to see hillary receiving the respect she deserves !
kelley has meanwhile used the controversy to create buzz , as she always does .
he described his wife as " a poor woman incapable of harming anyone . "
it will be the first country in the north sea to try the scheme .
the market 's down ; maybe you 'd better hold off on the shoes .
he was a very intense actor ; he didn 't like people messing about .
but on many saudi web sites and chat rooms , the reaction is mixed .
at 2030 al-mabhouh returned to his room - within 15 minutes he was dead .
it is a wait-and-see scenario although there is a longer-term picture for scott brown .
it replaced elgar technology college , which had been in special measures since 2007 .
the report paints a picture of a refugee population living in fear and poverty .
investors responded by sending shares of the nation 's third-largest wireless provider up sharply .
rak crown prince receives consul general of the netherlands ras al khaimah , nov .
senior managers were angling to replace him with michael recca , his long-time deputy .
eventually , the heat learned of the boy 's situation , and reached out .
they wish to establish the merits of the case before filing any formal charges .
est ) , lloyds banking group shares were down 32 percent at 61.1 pence .
taveras was activated before the nl championship series and spilborghs went to the bench .
justice antonin scalia reported assets of some $ 1.5 million to $ 3 million .
house republicans will attend their previously scheduled annual retreat in baltimore on those days .
dow jones industrial average futures fell 46 , or 0.37 percent , to 12,526 .
yes he beat clinton , but he needed to beat obama , not clinton .
while some foreign ships do have permits , corrupt officials often pocket the money .
in their shared opinion the local funeral home was the best-looking place in petunia .
cover tightly with clingfilm and set aside for at least a couple of hours .
the rhapsody , sirius , and napster premium services each charge a monthly fee .
she prevailed easily over the number 47 italian playing in her first career final .
any connection with illegal substances risks a violation of the nfl 's drug policy .
the welsh assembly government has said it will continue to push for the money .
as obama and cheney duel over national security , how different are their positions ?
we land on the mountain tops from which the militants once controlled the valley .
platinum-selling singer and songwriter natalie merchant is lending her world-famous voice to the homeless .
a new chairman could turn generali 's focus to italy , some employees worry .
teams get into league play , they go on the road , they lose .
call ( 805 ) 565-3936 or e-mail info @ camasb.org to receive an invitation .
pidgeon continued to add to the recordings until she was in her late eighties .
presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline was not associated with breast cancer risk .
the president needs to be leading not just on capitol hill , but globally .
there is little opposition to this policy in tamil nadu , for two reasons .
even at his lowest point , john major never found himself in this position .
quarterback larry smith threw just 12 times , completing four passes for 25 yards .
i 'm well looked after , easy going and open-minded , i seek to ...
worst of all , it was my only kipper , and breakfast was ruined .
farm programs adhere faithfully to this cycle .  polar bears extinct by 2050 ?
and -- and so they 're , a little bit , in a fix .
scotland 's largest building society is to announce £ 26m of losses last year .
mr toner was due in court on drug trafficking charges shortly before his death .
motorists are being advised to find alternative routes or prepare for a longer journey .
we 'll keep fighting a war in iraq that hasn 't made us safer .
burhon hopes that one day he will be able to go back to afghanistan .
" we get to dress in all our bling , " roberta kresleym said .
he once said that he got the idea by listening to foreign-language radio stations .
in the next script , other characters ' dialogue would be highlighted for him .
" until now , the authorities were always lagging behind , " he said .
with all the drugs and alcohol , how can he possibly remember anything accurately ?
an ambulance took him to northampton general hospital where he was later pronounced dead .
investors may also be unnerved by a disappointing batch of economic data released today .
engines can sometimes bring in hundreds of dollars , so fraud is a temptation .
the council said it was just one proposal and no decision had been made .
" it 's the fastest way to secure the system , " he said .
police used tear gas to dispel the protesters and open access to the jail .
another thing you might assume about a british school is that everyone speaks english .
despite obama 's eloquence and command of the airwaves , public suspicions are rising .
i 'm there now , and you can see that several trees were uprooted .
lottery players deserve to have the use of this money at grassroots level . "
tiago , trained by john shirreffs and ridden by mike smith , was third .
the picture was different , however , for women whose initial ivf attempt failed .
although he completed his routine without further alarm , the damage had been done .
here 's a shamelessly cute puzzle game that blends lateral thinking with fluffy creatures .
for miami , daequan cook returned after missing thursday 's game with tonsillitis . ...
if you could have interviewed james brown , what would you have asked him ?
his flight was diverted to singapore when it became clear the summit was off .
his second came in injury time with a clever finish from an acute angle .
vallat regretted how the bird flu crisis was sit out over the last years .
by using the stimulus for unrelated political and policy goals , obama mandates delays .
the little psycho knows his country is tittering on the edge of total collapse .
' we can 't become a homosexual nation , ' she said with passion .
true to his word , when the suspect released the hostage , carter called .
she passes it around before placing it in the pocket of the first bra .
as the saying goes , the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
" it 's leading to extremely skewed sex ratios developing , " she said .
he was the son of a southwark butcher and publican and emigrated in 1637 .
i have two teenage children from my first marriage , who live with us .
a couple of hundred people are gathered on whitehall as the couple pass by .
police said ingrid herrera , 29 , was arrested and charged in the incident .
beckham has said he will give rooney advice if the united striker wants it .
four bishops have offered their resignations and the pope has so far accepted one .
" i commend aung san suu kyi for her courage and for her leadership .
instead , each of the five political parties has produced its own individual response .
baqui warned of possible damaging high seas along coastlines with waves reaching 18 feet .
he was in new york , in bed , with a form of pneumonia .
we british don 't stick the knife into a new and admired us president .
the study likely underestimated the prevalence of abuse , celedon and his colleagues note .
reporting from copenhagen - that rio won the 2016 summer games is easily understandable .
" we thought we had the purview to include these , " wayland said .
joseph e. spicer , who represented mussmacher in the lawsuit , declined to comment .
you could argue that it was the most radical thing beckham has ever done .
goodman and hill developed a tight-knit friendship over their three seasons together in miami .
timothy kooyman was ordered to trial last may on four felony animal cruelty charges .
profit margins in the rail division have fallen from 11.3 to 7.8 per cent .
irvine , calif . , march 27 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- netlist , inc .
paranoid adults who are so preoccupied with superstitious nonsense and no straight. answer .
the couple wed in 2002 , when rimes was 19 and sheremet was 21 .
why you don 't : early versions were built at speke , enough said .
i was very curious about how she would do and what she would say .
" he is intelligent , courageous ... he modernised like the united kingdom . "
evidence suggests that consumers haven 't taken much notice of the upgraded dvd formats .
first clue : nicole jones , haley 's mom , was fascinated with bree .
a second audition piece may be a classical work of the musician 's choosing .
it will be the third national election in canada in just over four years .
gumtree.com advertises services and products and operates locally so most people come and collect .
no surprise , then , that travel companies are being less upfront about them .
he batted .241 last season with 25 homers and 56 rbis in 103 games .
then , the father of two jumped to his death from a nearby footbridge .
overlapping stripes of electrical tape gave mr. rodriguez the pattern for graphic black-and-white prints .
" they do a great job , too , man , " he added .
half are ghanaian and about a quarter are expatriates working here and their visitors .
they are also working on ways to transport and release them in the wild .
it is , but does any one household really need 48 cans of soda ?
he even sends text messages to parents who can 't be at the game .
it 's the american thing to do we didn 't buy the darn tea .
it is not the only odd moment in a slick but ultimately underwhelming set .
the reporter pulled into a hospital parking lot , where officers arrested israel dominguez .
isn 't it time nytimes made it into the 21st century of web design ?
later , in midday trading in new york , the euro fetched $ 1.5901 .
" it occasionally overshoots its breeding grounds and rests here , " he said .
councilman bill rosendahl voted against the motion , saying he still wants more discussion .
" i am absolutely thrilled to form this key strategic partnership with possibility pictures .
despite gomes 's mistakes , he is expected to play against blackburn on saturday .
chicago went first , with videos and speeches--capped by obama 's plea .
but that 's not what the army wanted from its soldiers , rodriguez said .
they managed only seven in total , one of the worst in the premiership .
mcgraw : well , larry , this is a whole other level of dysfunction .
earlier that day , fraser had been at the house to see his children .
after that he will join the growing number of americans playing professionally in europe .
so far , chrysler 's trip to bankruptcy court has not driven customers away .
los angeles - jurors got to see the paparazzo suing keanu reeves in action .
this caused prices to plummet and made vodka available to even the poorest russians .
the homes are just below a flood control debris basin with towering denuded slopes .
by then he expects the formation of his captaincy philosophy to be well underway .
it was as if the treekape family had been erased from the town archive .
the bomber blew himself up when he was stopped by one of the soldiers .
kinlochewe and torridon mountain rescue team and stornoway coastguard helicopter went to their aid .
she told cnn that working in china can be a valuable experience for westerners .
i just can 't understand why people think this type of thing is fun .
biden said he 'd discourage family members from flying or even taking the subway .
a spokesman for tayside police said an investigation was under way into the incident .
dolinka , kazakhstan ( reuters ) - their only crime was to be german .
and george bush took ronald reagan 's insight and ran it over a cliff .
they led twice against the czechs , but were pegged back on each occasion .
the salmonella outbreak continues in tomatoes , according to the food and drug administration .
that 's a big thing -- to know that we 're helping the earth .
the beastie boys walked out during money arguments that followed their successful first album .
at the time of her death ms galloway was receiving treatment for alcohol abuse .
i did see a video of a vehicle crash test of a chinese car .
unlike loovens , most of celtic 's squad are well used to final-day deciders .
ben southall will move into a three-bedroom beach home overlooking the great barrier reef .
he actually said he respected barack obama and wanted a be a bit civil .
he also had a massive heart attack in 2007 and had a pacemaker installed .
special fun-for-kids activities tied to seuss 's art will be offered throughout the museum .
obama needs to stop whinning about everything and stop acting like a spoiled brat .
i beg you not to throw her in the midst of your political games !
the area 's rice mills were destroyed , leaving bogalay with a five-day supply .
the details -- so rare , so tangible -- have the bareness of poetry .
the layer formed by the liquid glass is said to be flexible and breathable .
china started in 1949 , " the 65-year-old belgian told the ft business daily .
homeowner association boards must also abide by the california rosenthal fair debt collection act .
or , well , think back to that thing you screwed up this morning .
some complain that the country is a scapegoat for the failure to stabilize afghanistan .
darn .... i knew should not have tried my dad 's axe cologne !
black mamba was second , just another nose in front of i can see .
" it 's unfortunate and it 's had an effect , " nelson said .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.03 gmt on thursday 13 january 2011 .
dr. yongfeng shang is a newly selected academician of the chinese academy of sciences .
local media say the unit will be operation by the end of the year .
the paper says " victoria square puts belfast among europe 's elite cities . "
the buy-to-let market is expected to be worse hit than the residential mortgage market .
( " saw iv " opened with an r rating over the weekend . )
he took office only to face a war that took incredible skill to manage .
26 / prnewswire / -- on october 22 , pre-paid legal services , inc .
the national intelligence council report also includes a graphic illustration of a possible future .
a police detective told the judge windsor said he had been experiencing financial problems .
details : develops peptide therapeutics to treat obesity , diabetes and other metabolic diseases .
in 10 games since crosbyʼs injury , malkin has eight goals and 132 assists .
the associated press left a message seeking comment friday night from a kilpatrick lawyer .
he flew his plane into an austin building that contained internal revenue service offices .
although i didn 't love her attitude , i can empathize with her struggle .
i 'm not going to miss a ballet recital , " michelle obama said .
" yes , i hope he will stay with us , " houllier said .
anderson then had lendl simmons caught in the slips by england captain andrew strauss .
" that 's a tough statement , " he said when the rabbi finished .
i can plant a tree and expect to enjoy it when it 's mature .
until last week , bernanke 's confirmation had been viewed as a sure thing .
a solid 78 % think abortion should be legal in some or all circumstances .
he 's since been fired from espn and has entered a treatment facility . )
for the most part , the mail was a wonderful collection of positive energy .
police declined to press criminal charges , and flatley said the sex was consensual .
the u.s. could have easily held on and lost 1-0 or reached penalty kicks .
he was in good health , " the hospital official told afp without elaborating .
" you killed your son , a vulnerable child in your care and protection .
the young men said they expected to die in the attack , he added .
neither the nationality of the soldier nor the location of the attack was released .
seven players are in major league soccer , and five are based in england .
both have since denied any wrongdoing and insisted they had not breached parliamentary rules .
the hedge fund was spun off with mr rajaratnam at its head in 1997 .
what real harm do they do , if it 's a genuine loving relationship ?
hawaii 's most high-profile play may be kapalua 's plantation course in the northwest .
the fbu has announced further strikes to be held between 6 and 15 november .
hamas spokesman fawzi barhoum said the mortar fire came in response to that clash .
this debate was just a bit more inclusive and the candidates were more personal .
mcconnell 's office said members of leadership do not sign letters to the leader .
" what we 're questioning is a public policy issue , " he said .
a spokesman for gwynedd council said parking charges were the same throughout the county .
starting to see where all " conservative " and " third-way " roads lead ?
marcus camby scored his 7,000th career point with a jumper in the opening minutes .
mr. clarke played down his success in foretelling a globe-spanning network of communications satellites .
when the goals aren 't coming , it 's not just about the strikers .
sixty votes are required under an agreement reached last year to pass the measure .
the government has also asked for an emergency 350 million to maintain public services .
they found half the building well alight and a large plume of black smoke .
canada 's public health agency does not recommend tamiflu for people with mild illness .
" our company is focused more on the chinese market , " he said .
there , the liberals and the greens are expected to come out on top .
the video rental shop in osaka , japan , has 32 individual viewing rooms .
he said however that he 's made no decision on any expansion of gambling .
the murders were at the hands of a small group led by charles manson .
his percentage of complications , he added , was as low as at hopkins .
" it totally vindicates what has been my stance throughout , " he said .
" the response from this house was deeply disappointing , " mr martin said .
27 election , several hundred dead had pushed several hundred thousand people into flight .
his importance as a theorist was not only in adducing the fact of evolution .
if you cannot accept that as my position , that is your prerogative .
northwest arkansas is centrally located and easy to get to from many major cities .
" he 's at lunch , " the assistant says , more firmly now .
i knew there were a lot of automotons , here , but 80 % ?
evans ( silence-lotto ) finished second too in the overall standings , 30sec adrift .
well , you come back three days later and there are no bananas left .
a car boost talks about how it 's done , how to protect yourself .
that post was hastily removed , but not before the media learned of it .
" one has to make sure that everything happens legally , " he added .
it has nothing to do with israeli or syrian politics , " he said .
they have fought a series of deadly turf wars with rival groups and tribes .
new york city 's rockefeller center christmas tree is almost ready for the holidays .
yeah , december boys got it bad , as " september gurls " notes .
many candidates have been vetted , and a few were even interviewed last time .
" to be honest , i 'm not sure this will make any difference .
scores of people were arrested after troops came under fire and shops were torched .
the property damage there alone has surpassed $ 1 billion ( euro700 million ) .
he followed up with a round of off-color puns on mr. spitzer 's name .
intuit , which makes quicken , also has an online version , quicken online .
nearly half of them had been searching for work for more than a year .
" i won 't be the one in charge anymore , " he worries .
the journal describes how the bear talks were jolted by one surprise after another .
if he is so intelligent , why does he do so many stupid things ?
a spokesman from deutsche bank said the firm was pleased to resolve the matter .
this week also brings a torrent of numbers from earnings reports and economic indicators .
a herbal perfume diluted with water is sprayed over the landfills almost every day .
one of the study 's authors is a consultant to the site 's owner .
" the consequences of the financial crisis are not over , " he said .
" stylistically , it is completely alien to goya , " said ms. mena .
there are fears today that the u.s. may be heading in that direction again .
the economy was supposed to be democrats ' ace in the hole this year .
officials announced the grim discovery at the upper big branch mine around 1 a.m.
there will be plenty to work on during a short week before facing pittsburgh .
he is the one that has been acting squeaky clean until he gets caught .
to cut debt service , he recommended creating a new general obligation debt structure .
the nasdaq composite index rose 25.77 , or 1.8 percent , closing at 1,457.27 .
these trigger what he describes as a " doom loop of dysfunctional debate . "
" they were screaming , and they were saying , ' oh my god !
metal detectors had been used intermittently at successtech , and none were operating wednesday .
the group is nonpartisan , but its affiliated political action committee generally endorses democrats .
some are oldies-but-goodies that i remember from the locker room at my junior high .
throughout it all , the pull of gravity works some funky magic on mario .
u.s. aid to pakistan has totaled more than $ 10 billion since the sept .
have you forgotten so quickly how much palin blasted obama for using a teleprompter ?
" sean and i grew up together , were childhood sweethearts and soul mates .
q : how come you guys don 't have the remote controls on display ?
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.37 gmt on wednesday 20 january 2010 .
" look for the small things that make a difference , " ford said .
revenue generated abroad can translate back into fewer dollars , depending on exchange rates .
but what began as a hobby could now earn the it consultant some money .
but that 's what he did , chipping 6 feet by and making it .
mira books ( tm ) is harlequin enterprises ' mainstream women 's fiction imprint .
when i first moved in , the rent was around $ 800 per month .
" so it 's really hard for them to hammer out a cohesive platform .
ever feel like the presidential candidates could really use a " glass-half-full " attitude ?
but the price of accepting the apparently better offer is a bad scheme . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.34 gmt on tuesday 26 january 2010 .
columbus , ohio ( ap ) -- the black-and-white scene is dark and nuanced .
so far , however , the labor market appears to be softening only slightly .
a second victim is believed to be henry sanchez 's girlfriend , penny avila .
but what mcallen shows is that more care does not necessarily equal better care .
that effort to oust brown reportedly came in the shape of a leaked email .
13 religion vs science : can the divide between god and rationality be reconciled ?
khalid sheikh mohammed appears shortly after his capture in pakistan in a 2003 photo .
there are varying amounts of optimism about the prospect of success in the papers .
the nation 's troubled financial system is " basically sound , " he added .
apple waited until after jobs underwent his cancer surgery in 2004 before alerting investors .
optimism , he found , didn 't make for cover stories and front-page headlines .
it is a familiar dilemma for local authorities trying to support families on benefits .
the u.s. environmental protection agency estimates that 240,000 water mains break nationwide every year .
full-sized digital photos and this press release in digital format are available upon request .
the team was returning to miami after beating the minnesota timberwolves 97-84 saturday night .
sallie mae manages $ 188 billion in education loans and serves 10 million customers .
none of the so called conservatives are bothering to read and decide for themselves .
ucits iii allows etfs to buy baskets of securities to track the relevant index .
" congress shall make no law .. " is not open to philosophical interpretation .
it can also carry missiles and can be refueled in flight from tanker aircraft .
selection for enrollment was not based on expression of gpnmb in patients ' tumors .
a phone call early friday to a representative for fawcett wasn 't immediately returned .
true , but it was certainly good for the former boy bander 's career .
the spokesman added : " it creates a very serious additional pressure for victims .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.55 gmt on monday 18 january 2010 .
we 're sitting slumped over a computer all day and not doing normal exercise .
here is a sampling of the comments , as translated by the moscow bureau .
a peruvian police aircraft carrying the 69-year-old former ruler departed just before 9 a.m.
besides , what jerk would want to head up an office teeming with misery ?
the hurricanes took advantage of the extra space on the ice , playing 4-on-3 .
come on , the price for them to acheive peace has been too high .
now the americans move on to the round where their recent dreams have died .
the united states cannot afford to wait when it comes to healthcare reform .
the listing agent is penelope p. alexitch of keller williams realty 's sunset office .
did rafael benítez sell wisely when he let xabi alonso go to real madrid ?
yesterday it dropped plans for a legal challenge against ofwat to the competition commission .
the 18-year-old american finished four strokes behind the early leader nina reis of sweden .
experts believe the fakes are being produced by organised criminal gangs using specialist machinery .
their gasps were the first and only alert that many in the hotel received .
i hadn 't so much as washed my face for the past few months .
the edge itself is a 600ft-high red sandstone ridge protected by the national trust .
a police spokesman said initial inquiries suggest there were suspicious circumstances in the death .
anyway , he didn 't want birthday greetings from people who went to eton .
in extreme circumstances a defendant sentenced to prison can get out that very day .
indiana state snapped a 33-game losing streak with a 17-14 victory against western illinois .
no arrests have been made , and investigators were trying to determine a motive .
parents have to seek out other resources when they see their children are at-risk .
tagged with debt ceiling , morgan stanley , us congress , us federal budget .
in her opening monologue , she referred to them as " the shmemmys . "
" that is why i have voted for good changes and for stability . "
gc : with regard to design , there 's definitely a lot happening now .
any type of hatred doesn 't stop with one person or group of persons .
" nokia continues to seek savings in operational expenses , " the group said .
these games pad the big programs ' victory totals and give small programs cash .
intriguing times at the emirates. that has already been created for your pleasure .
the military is alarmed because it sees threats to the integrity of the state .
another friend has no secrets from her husband -- apart from her botox dependency .
a police spokesman said they were making an " urgent " appeal for witnesses .
a new postal savings system should be part of america 's post-meltdown financial architecture .
following the court hearing wigan athletic chairman dave whelan announced king had been sacked .
as always , we like to stress that this is not a news survey .
and please let us know how we can reach by phone during the day .
" at the moment we have deployed four platoons of the national intervention unit .
the mountain road has been closed although it may reopen later in the day .
police said protesters hurled rocks at them and at cars on a nearby highway .
no. 1 federer and no. 3 djokovic play their fourth-round matches monday .
and , obama never said that farrakhan is one of his major campaign donators !
dish network , based in englewood , colo . , has denied the allegations .
participants often place bets on how long it will take the badgers to die .
all should become clear in the autumn , when twitterature is scheduled for publication .
we topped up the water , but it started going down again fairly quickly .
parity was restored on 29 minutes when griffiths lashed in a fantastic free kick .
uk retailers tightened after tesco posted results for the first-half of its financial year .
a u.s. version , starring steve carell , is a popular and critical hit .
we also do not limit the hand of god to work on their lives .
in roehampton on the a3 it says " congestion charge in seven miles . "
so which one got nominated for best restaurant by the james beard foundation awards ?
the giro is open and anything can still happen , " said di luca .
iraq is producing about 2.4 million barrels a day , well below its capacity .
yet shoreham could be forgiven for being a mournful , brooding sort of place .
griff rhys-jones has done mountains and coast has already been bagsied by someone else .
this labor day at least , jerry lewis had plenty of competition for attention .
the existing " blind-eye " option gives people as long as they can bear .
the company is also developing tests for oncology , infectious diseases and other disorders .
the xerion acquisition is a fifth tent pole in perella weinberg 's asset-management strategy .
a year ago , many republicans doubted that giuliani would even seek the nomination .
and a few minutes after that , there was a third little old lady .
authorities are also investigating whether anyone from the outside had access to the inmate .
but it could come tomorrow : the president plays his cards on close hold .
prosecutors say they hope to bring charges against fritzl in mid to late october .
some assigned to camps may find they don 't want to work with children .
others say a person should be able to write on it with a pen .
the e-mail gave them a secret code and instructions to appear at the stadium .
at this time , we don 't know what the final outcome will be .
this latest spat is not the first time david trimble has criticised a clinton .
wales is already ahead of the rest of the uk in the green league .
other key sites in wales include carmarthen bay , burry inlet and cleddau estuary .
cheney entered the arena this winter in a politically weak position after that election .
tebow took off a week of practice after being hurt against kentucky on sept .
those swaying hips are not a sign that she is ready to become pregnant .
bloggers accused pharmaceutical companies of intentionally concocting the virus in order to sell vaccines .
after that , i could make myself see it both ways , with effort .
chief executive eric schmidt rebuffed the notion that the economy undercut google 's growth .
the police have said their investigations are ongoing and there are no further details .
they climbed down a cable strung from the window with the help of neighbors .
" shame on the arabs , shame on the muslims , shame on humanity ...
finance minister andrew davies backed her , and ruled himself out of the race .
the 61-year-old tyler was injured when he fell off a stage during an aug .
the company also opened up accounts in greece as a result of this trip .
sirius plans to buy xm in an all-stock deal worth about $ 4 billion .
you make it to the finale , what else do you have to do ?
luxury goods have seemed all but impervious to economic downturns over the last decade .
they say it could be pouring electricity into the national grid within 20 years .
i 'm not telling anyone about it , so don 't feel singled out !
there was an obvious correspondence between the political weather and mr. oshima 's productivity .
officially , he 's an editor at a sports magazine in new york city .
pettersen had a chance to win , but left her putt a tad short .
and soon he was feeling as good as new and ready for larks again .
what a response from everyone at the club to going into administration this week .
" is it to generate as much as you can in your retirement account ?
" addiopizzo " began as an underground movement of people placing stickers around palermo .
perhaps if it was an " unborn " we christians could have saved it ?
and then i more or less slid down the piece of rope i had .
j. crew group inc. cut its catalog circulation by 27 percent earlier this year .
all three were charged with capital murder friday and were being held without bail .
i wish they would stop refering to women from minn. like this ........
black entertainment television is expected to officially announce the event 's host this week .
but the community 's true boundaries are at once more expansive and more constricted .
but many other areas also suffer unacceptable levels of delay and inadequate public transport .
while the record fundraising is impressive , look what he 's managed without it .
its head , andrei krainy , lobbied city councils to lease land to okean .
and also where i believe his view differs from that of the british public .
an ots-occ merger had been seen as likely to be included in its plan .
they stabbed their victim more than once and beat him with a baseball bat .
mears says two of the dead were men and the other was a woman .
they ruled jardine never would have gotten his shot off and deducted 2 points .
veteran opposition leader mr tsvangirai joined mr mugabe in a power-sharing government last month .
as a result , he will now be suspended from his duties pending trial .
said to be stalins favourite film , volga volga was first released in 1938 .
pal grotnes was the busier of the two netminders stopping 39 shots for norway .
two years after moving to london she married a man 20 years her senior .
and such parallel sanctions bite more quickly than those negotiated tortuously among the six .
nothing in this so-so mystery novel will entice readers to linger in 18th-century japan .
and yes , romney is leading in iowa , new hampshire and south carolina .
you require a lot of privacy in order to reduce distractions and improve efficiency .
vendors compete to see who can create the most egregious violation of dietary law .
well simon , your comment here wasn 't for reference nor for buying things .
the people who are at the receiving end are pupils , teachers and schools .
i started standing for parliament in my 20s , but have sadly never succeeded .
the dose-response curve is steep , which means that toxic effects may quickly develop .
six police cars an ambulance and a fire engine were also at the scene .
no-one was hurt in the raids , but officers said staff were left shaken .
police said the fight at a school in north philadelphia began over a girl .
" but for you , we are friends and obama is a special president .
it was not immediately clear why only one line was turned on that day .
hawaii has beaches and its famed " aloha spirit " as its siren call .
courtroom ears will be perked to hear if shandling also mentions attorney bert fields .
but mr hadow said it was all part of the challenges of the expedition .
irvine , calif.-based realtytrac monitors default notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions .
the soaring ceilings of the airy , unfussy room are decorated with byzantine motifs .
springboks skipper john smit is prepared for a big semifinal battle against the pumas .
kenny perry , who started the final round one shot behind , shot 81 .
around 25 % of eligible patients in england are currently treated with primary angioplasty .
this month , china 's foreign ministry denied any knowledge of such a visit .
greenpeace campaigners have also scaled the company 's headquarters in croydon , south london .
back in the world of boy-people , a similar surrender of responsibility is thriving .
" i think that couple could turn this country around , " she said .
substitutes not used : cavalieri ( gk ) , kyrgiakos , ngog , spearing .
district officials said the offices for " housed " employees were becoming too crowded .
yet although efficient market theory is not true , it may nevertheless be illuminating .
local people said taleban militants had been operating from the house which was attacked .
it 's also offering a $ 50 gift card with an xbox 360 purchase .
should teams announce on the friday before games which starters they intend to rest ?
toni lydman had a single-game career-high four assists and tom vanek had two assists .
a similar sized meteor exploded above tunguska in siberia in 1908 to devastating effect .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.33 gmt on saturday 2 january 2010 .
a decrease in corporate sponsorships may also pose more problems for the sports world .
" i almost passed out in the stairs , " 7-year-old mya word said .
shell has said it is checking its operations for damage from sunday 's attacks .
ball-bearings were used , which have weight , and they behave like tiny missiles .
and his colourful and controversial life off the court matched his achievements on it .
he is survived by his wife , barbara , three daughters and a son .
a substantial shareholder of a newspaper company must also gain approval of a minister .
as her album played , he spoke of other female musicians he currently admires .
mccain told the albuquerque crowd that he relished being the underdog in the race .
when excluding one-time items such as these , nortel earned 36 cents per share .
this new genre puts less emphasis on grin-and-bear-it submission and more on mutual pleasure .
tfl said it had received a further 70,152 complaints from bus passengers since april .
but this doesn 't account for the recursively constructed hype that surrounds the show .
thousands of civilians have died in the somali capital over the past two years .
the attacks occurred as muslims were marking the end of the ramadan fasting month .
adult obesity has increased from 14.5 percent in 1971 to 30.9 percent in 1999 .
people in yaounde seem genuinely enthusiastic and excited about pope benedict 's visit here .
there 's no shame in admitting that sometimes you need a little extra help .
abc news has learned that former white house press secretary jody powell has died .
but north korea tightly controls access to computers and the internet for ordinary citizens .
i still get chills thinking of the paper coming up in the developer . "
so which objective of said 5 yr plan does joe kinnear being manager satisfy ?
however , high-ltv loans are typically more prone to default , the firm said .
at mma , counselors help investors think about the concept of " enough . "
last year , his hi-jinks as host helped draw more than 23 million viewers .
the dow jones industrial average fell 102.43 , or 1.2 percent , to 8,409.85 .
he now suffers from irritable bowel syndrome , post-traumatic stress and chronic fatigue syndrome .
" it 's a legal black hole , " says one greek cypriot official .
they are often assisted by office managers who do not always have business training .
( or to go into greenpeace mode : save the eel , man ! )
the economic recovery from this " great recession " has a similar story line .
the stories you can tell about older women are deeper , " sagal said .
he wants to remove our troops from iraq , but still support humanitarian aid .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.28 gmt on sunday 13 december 2009 .
here , she presents her 25-point plan for a frugal yet fabulous festive season .
which is a problem given that part of my income comes from travel writing .
guillaume hoarau was also on target twice as paris saint-germain beat le havre 3-1 .
he can be operatic , he can be angry , he can do pop .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 23.23 gmt on sunday 6 december 2009 .
marketing shakespeare : the boydell gallery ( 1789-1805 ) and beyond runs through jan .
" kingsnorth power station is going to be closing by the end of 2015 .
the best way to save money is to weigh your bag before you go .
piper jaffray analyst anthony gikas argues that licensing is a low-risk model for toymakers .
more than 150 years ago , slaves built this church by fire and moonlight .
probation officer julie guiberson testified that frasure is a threat to himself and others .
when the paperwork is finished he hopes to move to ealing , west london .
i 'm not sitting there as assistant coach just to be a great assistant .
was it a coincidence that indianapolis was mauled by the bears in week 1 ?
obama has said that he will not support any bill that increases the deficit .
the company is hoping that its new technology will encourage new publishers to join .
he 's accentuating how green and naive he is where these matters are concerned .
she makes him read to her before she will go to bed with him .
family member muhammad shafique said it was a fitting tribute to his loved ones .
hermann told collier her attorney was in hawaii so she requested a court-appointed lawyer .
the jayhawks used a blur of a transition game to score 15 straight points .
i ended our relationship after a month , but we still continued to talk .
ucla needs to win its final two conference games against arizona state and usc .
goodyear plans to return to indianapolis later this year to conduct another tire test .
it wasn 't immediately clear if the rounds hit the zone or landed nearby .
impressionism was not far off and turner had it in his mind 's eye .
among the crowd were several women who wore buttons supporting senator hillary rodham clinton .
ron artest added 22 points and mikki moore had 12 rebounds and nine points .
he switched planes at guantanamo bay , cuba , u.s. and colombian officials said .
but this is a hollow guarantee : the 1st amendment already provides such protection .
jrh : well , we need ... because we started from zero in 2002 .
or suggest what kinds of things should be sold by vendors in the stations ?
it is the first time the club has been shut down by the city .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.45 bst on thursday 8 october 2009 .
owner e.w. scripps co. two years ago closed the birmingham ( ala . )
some doctors say giving cold medicine to children is ineffective , and potentially dangerous .
in the good times , the hot topics are sex , celebrities and shopping .
even a big " subaru " sticker can look quite good on a wrx .
nash was born in 1915 and had a criminal record dating to the 1930s .
many muslims would regard a military strike on iran as another war against islam .
the rupture on one of the two branches of the druzhba pipeline occurred wednesday .
" i don 't live a bad life , i live a different life .
blogger jeanne sager questioned the effect obama 's comments might have on the girls .
house republican leaders rushed to the defense of conservative commentators thursday after the comments .
that is a matter for mr. letterman and his family and the women involved .
he hopes to have legislation ready in time for a new president in 2009 .
but i had first heard rumors that he wanted to retire back in december .
the comment drew only scattered laughter , appearing to confuse much of the audience .
thank you very much media ! you proved how sick you guys can be !
hayes led maryland with 20 points , including 15 after duke 's 12-2 run .
pmi shares were down 8.4 percent at $ 6.37 in afternoon trading on wednesday .
that is particularly true now that most states have placed limits on non-economic damages .
and we don 't accept the return of colonialization , " al-zindani told reporters .
very medieval of you. to avoid simply repeating the denialists # 1 mantra .
chetry : now , critics are calling the plan confusing and a bureaucratic nightmare .
the premium for the chrysler brand is in the product , not the price .
the agreement appointing ixe as market maker was signed on february 25 , 2009 .
" the vehicle was struck five or six times , " mr. mccarthy said .
it also overturns laws in two dozen states limiting corporate expenditures in local races .
total management shake up is not the answer lowering the caseloads is the answer .
maybe , hill admitted , the pain in his arm will never go away .
a taxi between the centers of tlaquepaque and tonolá is 70 pesos each way .
my aunt was injured in a blast in tverskaya station a long time ago .
bloomberg , moderates lament state of u.s. politics : campaign rhetoric raising economic risks ?
he went 75-48 with the razorbacks , but never won a southeastern conference title .
that doesn 't happen in britain , probably because we feel uneasy about iraq .
they met behind closed doors for about 45 minutes before recessing until tuesday morning .
china clearly recognizes that inflation is the biggest threat to the world 's economies .
but tight state budgets could provide a hurdle for some metros as they recover .
answer : he introduced nancy reagan to joan quigley , the san francisco astrologer .
following identification , each soldier will have an engraved headstone put above his grave .
a webcast replay will also be available on skillsoft 's web site at www.skillsoft.com.
in the previous year , 479 schools , or 26 percent , fell short .
the written consent that mr. mcgeveran talks about is not practical on the internet .
lightly season a piece of meat with a pinch each of salt and pepper .
" it became the equivalent of playing county week every day for four years .
" we 've been clear about the current threat for the last six months .
the gates foundation , keen to avoid a public row , also downplays them .
that ratio had stood at 1.32 in march and was 1.12 in april 2008 .
mr. obama plans to announce mrs. clinton 's nomination monday , according to advisers .
homeland security spokeswoman amy kudwa said cohen had no comment to dingell 's remark .
the musicians swiftly dispense with the talking to get back to the fun stuff .
prices rising , investors happy , few homes for sale : is this 2009 ?
he won an essay contest and the right to reduce the place to rubble .
i was supposed to be working , but i seemed glued to the mattress .
he rejected a suggestion from the audience that nuclear weapons could help maintain security .
even so , amateurs and experts alike are welcome to ride the waves here .
" no one individual should have unfettered powers of decision , " it says .
simpson then walked outside , and the information booth attendant notified a nearby trooper .
then there are the famous action beaches like sunset beach that attract world-class athletes .
" this includes people with long-term conditions such as diabetes or chronic lung disease .
the treasury is likely to be resistant to any big changes to the terms .
but market watchers say they 've never seen anything like the recent wild swings .
olmert vigorously denies the charges and says he will fight to clear his name .
it added that senior fsa management must be more engaged in overseeing big banks .
" but we just started doing it two hours ago , " he said .
but workers at many companies have been telecommuting full-time or amost full-time for years .
data revenue rose by 48.8 per cent with organic growth of 45.1 per cent .
it 's time to respond to the critics , the cranks and the curious .
washington ( ap ) - obama says administration has rescued american economy from catastrophe .
the deal is a potentially blow to tullow , the fellow uk-listed oil company .
asked about the french leader 's view of her music , she was diplomatic .
cumbria county council is to spend £ 200,000 on resurfacing the a592 kirkstone pass .
africa 's increasingly dangerous coasts , and an interview with a jhonny the pirate .
according to the program : what legislation did president george w. bush recently veto ?
will the distinction between overseeing and oversight come through in a dozen afghan dialects ?
by friday afternoon , more than 600 people had signed up to stay there .
conservative groups are already taking aim at president obama 's potential supreme court picks .
ubs shares have lost 56 percent of their value over the last 12 months .
the testing sent oil prices higher before they calmed down later in the day .
the yankees called it a bone bruise and did not send johnson for x-rays .
in his hawks biography , todd mccarthy writes that hawks found her sexuality vulgar .
the hollywood reporter first reported the news of haggis ' departure from the church .
" only time will tell -- it 's still early , " hedged weir .
a maryland exterminator killed six snakes that were captured in dressner 's middletown apartment .
older children aged six to 11 will also be given advice on teeth cleaning .
mr. thompson conceded that including the door in the büchel budget was a mistake .
theaters that are no longer going to do productions with more than five actors .
tally is down slightly from last year 's 27 million for the penultimate episode .
takeaways and charity shops have been targeted in lincoln and the north hykeham area .
and i felt like i 've just kind of continued on with the momentum .
they must grow and evolve and adapt to changing circumstances or face severe consequences .
secretary of state hillary clinton and their daughter chelsea were both at the hospital .
there is nothing subtle about the dark portrait lewis creates of the financial community .
the car was dark in colour , possibly a black mercedes with leather seats .
china 's problem today is that justice is not independent , " he said .
i pay more than the minimum each month and i pay it on time .
without it , scientists say , the ecosystem in and around antarctica could collapse .
previously in the final four , the lady tigers inevitably appeared tense and anxious .
how many mps would have criminal records if police had found them smoking drugs ?
sims then hit two free throws with 7 seconds left to seal the win .
that was evident in negotiations with north korea and the diplomatic engagement with iran .
tuesday was the last day kraft could raise its offer under british takeover rules .
commanding her booth , designed4paws , she had seen her share of obsessive-compulsive owners .
a second aspect of the problem is that this is 2008 , not 1929 .
trader media group operates in the uk , ireland , italy and south africa .
this is an appalling human rights violation , " she said in a statement .
fortunately , tsm not only allows drinking , its central tenet basically requires it .
the money raised will repay banks who had provided a £ 280m credit facility .
but the inquiry came close to exposing differences between mr straw and mr blair .
unsurprisingly , the labour and conservative parties have an interest in maintaining this system .
at times they waded into the protesters with baton charges and tear gas volleys .
editorials in state media have chastised the u.s. for alleged intervention in iranian politics .
suurhusen is a village of 1,200 residents near germany 's border with the netherlands .
the top military and diplomatic leaders agreed that progress is uneven but definitely noticeable .
but ponting is still ponting , the most prolific australian batsman of them all .
voice of america reported thursday the defendants have a month to appeal their sentences .
on some nights , hundreds of amphibians cross small stretches of asphalt to mate .
today , it is more a matter of relative levels of regulation and tax .
his father was once the ideological power behind the government of president omar al-bashir .
guardsman mcgee and other soldiers freed him from the vehicle and gave first aid .
illegal or unsavory behavior carries little stigma in some corners of the hip-hop world .
the ftse 100 index of leading shares stood at 5,264.97 when trading was interrupted .
world awards 2008 event in london. customer base over the 7,000 client plateau .
the dearborn , mich.-based company is the only u.s. automaker operating without government loans .
at the lighting ceremony , echoes of china 's recent troubles were almost absent .
even when you 're close to home , phone sex can fire things up .
dealers , in turn , have been submitting paperwork for reimbursements for those discounts .
royal mail said about 98 % of its 1,500 sites were now working normally .
they said that the vandals are risking their own lives and that of firefighters .
her church is now feeding 1,250 people a day , more than ever before .
mccain and former massachusetts gov. mitt romney were addressing the group later thursday .
fewer banks accepting the ious could lead to a secondary market for the warrants .
that puts him third in line of presidential succession after house speaker nancy pelosi .
the tumbrils sound nightly for the first editions of the daily telegraph 's guillotine .
don 't the vast majority of voters not even use the youtubes at all ?
perhaps assessing and pricing risk is better done by humans than by markets . "
he enclosed a check to repay the city , made out by his wife .
the fighting involved a rebel faction that shunned the truce signed tuesday in qatar .
but please stop complaining about being a victim when you have an obvious answer .
all are in psychiatric care , along with elisabeth and rosemarie , police said .
" downtown is going to remain closed until further notice , " he said .
an acquaintance runs a soft furnishings business with a kitchen utensils and accessories department .
her mother warned her to stay inside and keep the doors and windows locked .
i also live in yorba linda and this makes his passing even more peresonal .
" the inflection in the voice , you lose that " with instant messages .
reds rookie johnny cueto ( 2-4 ) allowed six runs in 4 2-3 innings .
dancers in flesh-tone bikinis jerk to the beat as turner 's podium descend stagewards .
despite the early season slide , he still thinks the talent is in place .
cnn 's caroline faraj , diana magnay and mohammed jamjoom contributed to this report .
" i think he could help me take my game to the next level .
the agency has a contract under which it could buy 900 of the scanners .
a lot of stress had been building in the relationship between dimon and weill .
ince supposedly died from indigestion on the yacht owned by newspaperman william randolph hearst .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.25 bst on thursday 8 april 2010 .
he said basescu dressed in purple on thursdays to increase his chance of victory .
i want david james to put his xbox away for the next 11 months .
randy was complacent , paula was out of it and simon was incredulous . "
oil prices plunged and gold topped $ 1,100 an ounce for the first time .
it 's now 2-1 yankees . -- d.w. update | 8 : 34 p.m.
but sir ming 's failed leadership may also prove ominous for the prime minister .
but this topic , at this moment , is something no one should ignore .
these are just some of the flights the prosecution claim were to be attacked .
states already monitor such substitution and take a number of steps to deter it .
recent studies show that millennials are approaching the altar more cautiously than their forebears .
during the olympics , ski jumping proved to be the greatest challenge for forecasters .
" hopefully the wind will pick up , " she said , looking skyward .
the convoy passed him and i doubted that he knew what was going on .
almost immediately after catcher was published , salinger became disillusioned with the publishing industry .
that will be good news for the country 's reputation and a successful event .
the obsession with dieting does not appear to be translating into a trimmer nation .
" their motivation is misguided because their motivation should be to win for leicester .
also , the pay as you gos get churned on a very regular basis .
mays fractured a bone in warmups before clemson 's overtime loss to north carolina .
sumaida 'ie 's comments echoed those of the top u.s. military commander in iraq .
it 's as if a fisherman suddenly found a better way to catch fish .
it sells at a breakneck rate -- 3 ½ bottles a minute in 2007 .
a question came from the crew : " how 's the kid placement ? "
after his passport and identity had been checked gessen was released , ria-novosti said .
the boundary committee is asking for views on its draft proposals by 26 september .
he spoke on the 70th anniversary of kristallnacht , the nazi-incited riots against jews .
the port authority does not plan to make money off the web site initially .
speaking naturally , he lets his deepest ideas simply structure what he is saying .
they deserve a government as good and an economy as strong as they are .
there is hope for these girls , but we need more teen parenting programs .
helmand is considered one of the most volatile regions in the war in afghanistan .
the astronauts will take traditional chinese medicine on board to treat space motion sickness .
mexico has lost in the round of 16 in four consecutive world cup tournaments .
gov. arnold schwarzenegger has declared a state of emergency for santa cruz county .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.14 gmt on thursday 18 february 2010 .
a new museum dedicated to harley-davidson motorcycles opens to fans of the legendary bikes .
we then treat it with tablets we get from clinics to prevent cholera . "
johnson was especially scathing of the criticism of wells , his former leicester team-mate .
the girl 's grandmother identified her as the couple 's daughter , tabitha gee .
jeffrey e. fogel , a lawyer for the demonstrators , said he would appeal .
" i 'd be lying if i said i knew a lot about him .
if you look at the current england team , that isn 't the case .
on our first date we discovered that we both loved whiskey and hated jazz .
he added that no specific time line has been set for such a decision .
u.s. presidential candidates and lawmakers also denounced the killing in a flurry of statements .
the npa is based on mindanao and is thought to have several thousand members .
he spoke on the condition of anonymity out of fear of jeopardizing his job .
neither thompson 's camp nor the anti-abortion group itself took the charge sitting down .
the jury again failed to reach a verdict - so a third trial began .
grantʼs three children reportedly appeared at martinʼs friday sentencing for their fatherʼs 1978 death .
an atlanta native , francoeur is hitting .250 with five homers and 35 rbis .
that compares with falls of nearly 12 per cent in the us and europe .
now , six months ago i took office amid the worst recession in half-a-century .
hilton towers , nariman point ; 011-91-22-6632-4343 ; entrees $ 8 to $ 32 .
sioux city , iowa - you 'll never see this clown in the circus .
they hired security guards and called the police to try and stop the election .
however , bavaria 's finance ministry declined to expand on mr huber 's comments .
the higher a manʼs psa level , the more likely prostate cancer is present .
we look weak and in this respect the government irritates me and other japanese .
on october 20 , back-to-back explosions took place at islamabad 's international islamic university .
the remaining victims managed to swim through shark-infested waters to make it to shore .
most people , as it is , find it hard to earn a living .
the group said it draws the list from its work in almost 70 nations .
an idea so devilishly clever that not even einstein would have thought of it .
the dress code at ubs may soon need to change to sackcloth and ashes .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.19 gmt on tuesday 12 january 2010 .
" he had a 21-hour ferry journey from patras to ancona [ italy ] .
they were a 20-year-old from the wolverhampton area and a 23-year-old from the congo .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.04 bst on friday 9 april 2010 .
for example , there 's no pause button like any digital video recorder has .
officers are investigating whether alaina was abused by the sitter 's neglect and overfeeding .
nagin echoed the cautious grade many were giving to the levees ' performance monday .
ban implored the leaders to use their influence in restoring stability to eastern congo .
jeanne mowchan , a stay-at-home mom , re-entering the work force after 18 years .
what would happen if rpi went negative and a period of deflation replaced inflation ?
born to a noble family , she was raised from childhood in a monastery .
both models can be found in sony style stores and select retailers nationwide mid-june .
i 'd say he scored one at the racism conference in geneva on monday .
children 's groups said they hoped it would encourage people to report their concerns .
she recently moved to a nursing facility , before the fall at her home .
it ended when the marines dropped a 500-pound bomb on the taliban 's position .
many of the rest were in his charge while they worked in his house .
have you been moving your money around to get a better return on it ?
there is a statue of glyndwr in corwen and the former local council ruthin .
the yemenis have requested financial support from the u.s. to create a similar facility .
instead , they want students with flu-like symptoms to stay home for seven days .
its easy-to-use interface would align well with apple 's emphasis on design and simplicity .
landmark is already seeking to sell its other holdings , like its daily newspapers .
the dazzling moments were defensive , particularly double plays in the first three innings .
for that , of course , is what nationalizing failed banks really amounts to .
the admissions dean with the biggest headache this month isn 't complaining one bit .
mr. obama said the forbidden city was " a magnificent place to visit . "
the title character , an anonymous rumor-mongering blogger , serves as the offscreen narrator .
nelson then walked geoff jenkins , prompting marlins manager fredi gonzalez to summon gregg .
accommodation upgrades can push the price tag up to as much as $ 3,479 .
despite monday 's deal , they are still angry and dominated by mutual suspicion .
i wouldn 't even have thought of it because there never was a necessity .
zito hasn 't beaten the angels in four starts since may 1 , 2006 .
it was a lesson that mentors can open doors , not just give advice .
a bank who is now managing director with turnaround consulting firm alvarez & marsal .
some 4.5 million americans will fly , a 2.3 percent decrease over last year .
they will see and hear the name of the letter as the fruit falls .
similarly , small , oven-ready sites are vastly preferred to large , infrastructure-intensive ones .
but in that case the technology remains unreliable and you feel infinitely worse afterwards .
" i had to deal with politics that was ridiculous , " malignaggi said .
a conservative party spokesman said it would be " inappropriate " to comment further .
in other words , the very voters that giuliani is aiming to win over .
by dusk , the gloom above texas stadium had permeated the visiting locker room .
the companies note that the products they provide are not banned by the government .
analysts believe the weaker dollar is the primary reason oil has soared this year .
analysts warned , though , that the stockmarkets will remain jumpy for some time .
there is also a very wide range of choice -- so take your pick .
instead , he won overwhelmingly , and the big margins brought him crucial delegates .
however , bridge 's statement has shown the left-back remains troubled by the situation .
the number of british fatalities since operations began in 2001 now stands at 266 .
a similar scent of frustrated optimism pervaded birmingham during the excellent flatpack film festival .
paradoxically it is the availability of cheap money that could show the way out .
mullen said the u.s. will reassess its afghanistan strategy in december and adapt accordingly .
of course dr brindlecombe is aware of the true cost of a gp consultation .
still , there is reluctance among many wine farmers to use genetically modified organisms .
pfn 's glitter lake property covers the north-eastern and south-western extensions of this intrusion .
other police union officials said the charges against gates should not have been dropped .
we don 't organise health and education at community level here , after all .
dixon leads the standings with 570 points followed by franchitti , who has 565 .
fan favorite james callis has joined the cast of syfy 's " eureka . "
young hit his sixth homer in the fifth after murphy hit a two-out single .
by 2016 , the number of radiotherapy treatments required by patients will almost double .
los angeles ( ap ) - misty may-treanor is too hurt to keep dancing .
but how many of us would want to do that at the eleventh hour ?
hawaii and washington state allow gay couples some of the legal benefits of marriage .
a democratic victory at the top would do the same for its down-ballot candidates .
the company has submitted and will submit further applications for grants throughout the year .
this segment of medrad 's business is now known as medrad interventional / possis .
none of the results has come back positive for the disease , they said .
stevenson said that martin didn 't like the boy because he was mixed race .
perhaps the first defense against a fatal heart attack is recognizing the risk factors .
if convicted , he could face life in prison with no chance for parole .
we must not switch off the life support we are giving to our economies .
this week , chef seamus mullen is our " chef on a shoestring . "
a former police sergeant has received a suspended sentence for assaulting a former lover .
as i progressed with my swimming , i struggled a bit with exercise-induced asthma .
an american diplomat posted to pakistan has been found dead in his islamabad residence .
just one cia employee contractor david passaro has ever been prosecuted for detainee abuse .
seven potential buyers for southend airport in essex have been shortlisted from 50 applications .
spain goalkeeper iker casillas saved penalties from daniele de rossi and antonio di natale .
in dealing with notorious figures , it is easy to underplay their personal charisma .
but these deals only made the crisis worse when the market reckoning finally came .
friday in miami , a women 's center helped haitians search on the web .
o 'brien : for perry , being a principal is all about the details .
claudio ranieri , the roma coach , is expecting a hard game against fulham .
the number of eu bureaucrats are less than the number of london city counsil .
clint , meanwhile , dutifully dashed off to show his brother 's finnish spitz .
militant attacks have increased sharply in pakistan 's border region in the last year .
( 17 ) " without a trace , " cbs , 12.21 million viewers .
greece 's main sin was fiscal laxity , ireland 's an almighty property binge .
courses will be for students in business administration , computer science and electrical engineering .
then announces to the commons that the spending increase will be at 0 % !
we have moved to oregon , to the grey sand dune beach near astoria .
the aftershock had a magnitude of 5.0 , according to the u.s. geological survey .
phoenix ( ap ) - the arizona diamondbacks have released veteran infielder tony clark .
it 's kind of like watching a bloated marlon brando morph into angelina jolie .
" that 's too much money for farmers or cabdrivers , " moore said .
witnesses said the single-engine turboprop nose-dived into a cemetery 500 feet from its destination .
most detailed surveys show that people are fully aware of the limitations of prison .
words like these could sound academic , and wolf 's fears could seem theoretical .
empireʼs film fans determined the winners by voting , the times of london said .
he spoke on condition of anonymity because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the subject .
and he has had closer access to politicians than anyone else in the country .
jorge posada 's rbi single in the seventh gave new york a three-run cushion .
it is to the right of a form where passengers can book their flights .
we were the first ones to ever get recognized for doing anything like that .
denver va researcher peter gutierrez said the database sets this project apart from others .
" there are really some people trying to destabilise the situation in ingushetia ....
so , these are a few of the facts : certain gases warm earth .
tti 's training programs have historically been supportive to their expansive pipeline software products .
billingsley said it " kind of " looks as though the cubs are pressing .
miller is under house arrest and must have approval from the court to travel .
16 , lawmakers have yet to agree on a law to organize the vote .
they also concluded from clarkson 's e-mails that she had personal and financial problems .
who cares if you make any sense or have a cogent thought or not ?
u.s. attorney eric melgren said it was important to prosecute cases to protect immigrants .
look at jeremy wariner and asafa powell , " she told the iaaf website .
there were times when i thought i was gonna win and something happened .
mr. campbell is a self-described fiscal conservative who supports abortion rights and gay marriage .
she played her final three holes at three-under , tying lee atop the leaderboard .
the kirkhams recently retired , and have five children and two grandchildren between them .
the coco-leno-letterman snark wars aside , there 's little cause for mirth these days .
former bruins head coach dave lewis is now an assistant coach with los angeles .
geoff holt was the first quadriplegic yachtsman to sail single-handed around britain in 2007 .
this is the intellectual vacuum that " grand new party " seeks to fill .
the lda blamed the budget problems on " failures " by previous agency bosses .
police believe a gang of men who may have had guns took the vehicle .
i toured with a band ; i 've stayed in hundreds of terrible hotels .
food market in 1937 , and has offered online ordering of groceries since 2003 .
suggest you check the concept of structure activity relationship with respect to sympathomimetic drugs .
a very different story of desperation appears on the front of the irish news .
ms. pittelman started a foundation to support a variety of grass-roots groups in boston .
somewhere in venice , calif . , the revolution tick , tick , ticks .
nbc has broadcast 11 olympic games , the most olympics broadcast by any network .
and if you think it was just an ex-pat crowd you 'd be wrong .
perhaps it is something to do with the extra chilli sauce that inflames passions .
the letter reads : " hearty congratulations as you play your 100th cricket test .
a woman has been arrested after a man was stabbed in an oxfordshire town .
indeed , us listed constellation brands disposed of its low-end spirit lines in january .
she fled before her conviction on corruption charges , living abroad for eight years .
critics have argued these conditions worsened south korea 's economy in the short term .
come on , admit it , did you watch the rocky movies growing up ?
the u.s. interior department defended the presence of the cross in earlier legal action .
some experts fear that the economic downturn will crimp shopping until late next year .
his father gave him up to the rebels to set an example for others .
he declined to identify the officers or say how or why they were punished .
so who are the other playoff teams and threats to crack the top four ?
five interest rate rises and a credit crunch are putting the squeeze on borrowers .
what 's the deal with those stimulus scams that are all over the internet ?
and will anyone admit to eating their turkey in front of the telly instead ?
when khyra ishaq was found by paramedics resembling the victim of an african famine .
post buses will be withdrawn from diabaig-achnasheen , applecross-torridon and torridon-strathcarron in wester ross .
he won a posthumous " friendship medal " from north korea for his efforts .
it was not immediately clear what options netbank still has for its remaining operations .
after he got word the next morning , khalil arranged to meet quint again .
she said : " i did know that i was dying at one point .
foods responsible for illness included chocolate milk , chicken tenders , turkey and pasta .
last year the airline carried more than 1.5 million passengers and operated 12,000 flights .
some fans compare the anticipation on game days to opening presents on christmas morning .
but sausser , like the others , feels more in charge of his money .
penders was more resigned than disappointed afterward , conceding the cougars were simply overmatched .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.02 bst on wednesday 7 october 2009 .
darren " " s other friends / hangers-on seemed very sketchy , as well .
" i get the question all the time , ' what 's going on ?
after intermission came bach 's violin concerto in e major ( bwv 1042 ) .
the filipina wife of a british clergyman has reportedly been charged with his murder .
it was that the penalty points would bring him closer to losing his licence .
i paid about £ 2,800 for it and it gets 40 miles per gallon .
shares of foot locker ( fl.n ) fell 7.5 percent after it reported results .
but a foreign ministry official in abu dhabi said a visa was being issued .
two other suspects were detained along with them , according to the defense ministry .
developing countries argue agreeing to peak emissions at 2020 would lock them into poverty .
both of these are opposed by the orthodox parties , mr netanyahu 's allies .
last weekend , britain 's premier racetrack at silverstone saw a major motorsport event .
there are hazards galore , but all too soon the adventure will be over .
while the most popular muslim leaders professed nonviolence , radicals began planning terrorist attacks .
the blast sent debris flying and caused panic in the city 's business district .
however , the daily mail points out that the idea would face fierce opposition .
burress caught the last-minute touchdown that gave the giants the 2008 super bowl championship .
without sampson around , though , the hoosiers are hoping for a clean slate .
geithner said it will take more time to come up with such a plan .
by the weekend their song will be posted on www.pigsareworthit.com , their campaign website .
that claim resulted in the new study led by lawrence livermore 's benjamin santer .
" i think i did as well as i could , " he says .
that label marginalizes privacy concerns , countered mozilla 's c , director of firefox .
at sixtysomething ( and post-prostate ) , de niro could play it for real .
" the [ budget ] increase helped to transform the economics of the project .
in the meantime , many say it 's best to prepare for the worst .
then you use the money to fund an extended respite or an exotic trip .
moreover , avoiding alcohol also skirts the negative social implications associated with the substance .
these sorts of things can certainly deter some suitable students from even considering applying .
equities accounted for almost all of the drop in global financial assets last year .
he called the move to contact cps ' standard ' in cases involving children .
you 've had your say - now , be prepared to stand by it .
" that 's my brother , and i love him , " he said .
spanish defender gerard pique will also been handed further chances to impress one day .
a 54-year-old man was arrested during a raid at an address in meanwood road .
mr yar 'adua is a northerner , while the vice-president is from the south .
only a handful of olc decisions have been altered by officials in successive administrations .
firefighters brought her out of the ground-floor flat but attempts to resuscitate her failed .
nearly every study table is full with patrons sipping lattes and surfing the web .
two of the derbyshire dogs , eeko and nero , kept their german names .
and how easy will it be to switch mtls from one university to another ?
the mavericks have lost three straight , continuing a spiral since adding jason kidd .
both parties ' electorates were older than in any other presidential contest this year .
( see also " la traviata , " act i , scene 1 . )
roman polanski attends a film premiere in paris , france , in june 2009 .
but he says he is not remotely in favour of curbs on their activities .
no matter how overwhelmed you might feel , it 's not about you . ...
what does a drug that extends life in mice mean for humans ? 6 .
last weekend , venezuelans narrowly rejected the president 's plans to reform the constitution .
marlins 2b dan uggla , batting .179 , was given the night off . ...
your destiny , if you are married , might well turn upon the answer .
answer : the answer to this question is more complicated than you might think .
municipal parking lot # 54 , between ne 2nd avenue and ne 1st court .
wednesday to agree on a new contract with chrysler llc or workers could strike .
the moroccan-born ramzi was the only gold medalist from beijing caught using performance-enhancing drugs .
cavendish sealed his second straight stage win and fourth of the tour on wednesday .
in north carolina , 23-year-old robert hoppey is banking on more than good manners .
curiously , your reflections give me no real desire to go down that path .
it 's a very deep heat that becomes painful on the last few pulses .
this is no ordinary collection of artifacts , and beauty is not a prerequisite .
assuming broad gets the call , should he go to next year 's ipl ?
i mean , i want people to really understand the choices that are there .
a record 15 are on pace to catch 50 or more passes this season .
the secular coalition for america demanded the us military end its contracts with trijicon .
along the way , he expects to get plenty of questions about his heritage .
a sustainable eu economic recovery requires a rebalancing between its surplus and deficit countries .
luis cruz singled to open the frame and was replaced by pinch-runner brian bixler .
the defence suggest she may have taken the drug herself to implicate her lover .
he won two straight state championships playing high school ball in the south side .
joe johnson and jamal crawford each had 19 points for an off-target atlanta offense .
" we want to beat portugal and produce a big performance tuesday against scotland .
his arms , and the rest of him , may be seen by millions .
beijing ( ap ) - they were premier zhou enlai 's favorite late-night snack .
obama said bush 's tax cuts were " disproportionately targeted to the wealthiest americans .
and unlike pop and rock , country labels don 't typically release albums worldwide .
" it 's not a good position to be in , " norman said .
wonders of the free market have given us the current mortgage , financial disaster .
the embassy said it will provide free flights to staff members unwilling to remain .
i interpreted this as " those who have knowledge of god are god . "
she seems to have found balance , but balance was always her strong point .
he has taken an oath to listen to all of that and ignore it .
analysts expected $ 1.15 a share for the year , according to reuters estimates .
a jury took less than three hours to find the teenagers guilty of murder .
the country plans new health centers and to import 10 million doses of vaccine .
the teenager 's 12- year-old brother also was in the home at the time .
these companies need to hire people from other industries , since theirs is new .
if anything comes close to defining the era , that would be my nomination .
" and consumption and carbon emission are closely correlated , " mark forskitt said .
apple is thus set to create a third technology camp in the e-book industry .
but the tower presents " very novel complexities " that have captured his imagination .
or is there still some motivation for the schools to offer a better deal ?
" this year i 've actually been playing pretty good , " mattek said .
players can choose from three game modes : free play , arcade or challenge .
warner praised the bid , saying that " it is england 's time . "
oil accounts for 90 % of exports and more than half of government revenues .
we poke at pieces of kindling-dry bread while we wait for our main course .
normal shopping etiquette has completely broken down in latin america 's most elegant city .
after a short period with the black watch , he joined the foreign office .
the company also said it raised its expectations for share repurchases in fiscal 2008 .
meanwhile , germany coach joachim loew praised his side for getting to the final .
at patrick henry , drama teacher alan bennett has become part of the controversy .
the local authority said that it had also held informal inspections in recent months .
the plane was serviced and later completed its transatlantic journey , the airline said .
should i replace it with a new spring or obtain one from a scrapyard ?
updated information may lead you to make choices that differ from conventional green thinking .
they are elitists , who think they should be the boss of everyone else .
the government says staff will be held " accountable " if failings are found .
u.s. crude for november delivery was up 35 cents at $ 80.40 a barrel .
i tell him that i 'm planning to write an article about his campaign .
her father was a plumber , she is a queen of the new russia .
most of the changes involved small technical areas like rules on the recount process .
its growth was based on low-skilled , labour-intensive industries such as house-building and tourism .
african union peacekeepers said they were attacked by islamic militants and responded in kind .
kenneth clarke and a few tory mps will also not vote for a referendum .
in january he was killed in vienna , where he had been granted asylum .
anquan boldin caught nine of warner 's passes for 63 yards and two touchdowns .
that adds up to £ 549m for the big five high street operators alone .
most of what your brain does is process what your senses are bringing in .
all of us , it would seem , have a little way to go .
manning said the cure was just a matter of everybody avoiding a bad play .
it also pulled the focus away from his efforts to stress bread-and-butter economic issues .
gagne has nine saves in 16 games , but his e.r.a. is 6.14 .
of the others , seven are in a stable condition and three are improving .
i agree with what many others are saying about the cost of programs though .
meanwhile , gold again rose above $ 1,000 to its highest level since february .
" i think it 's good that the government has started this process legally .
not in mountain-climbing shape , i enjoyed plenty of re-energizing " savor-the-view " stops .
that lag means we 've likely got a ways to go before unemployment peaks .
that probe led to the july 8 arrest of 28 people from eight states .
the normal price for the bungalow would be close to $ 100 a night .
the train was going 42 miles per hour , higgins of the ntsb said .
so much for our hunch about the prime minister 's grand national pick then .
i did miss a few spots , leaving slivers of nonresurfaced ice called moons .
iran has fought pjak and pkk rebels along the border with iraq for years .
" it was just off the wall , " said one of the neighbors .
three months after its launch with the slogan " you don 't want it .
" he 's got a chance to be very good , " trembley said .
some were grabbed by police as they walked toward the court , sources said .
he then walked off up high street in the direction of the railway station .
the race is considered tight heading into the final weekend before tuesday 's election .
in some areas , such as fullerton , all grade crossings have been eliminated .
and hundreds of telescopes on earth also will be focused on the two plumes .
europe 's bourses continued to climb on tuesday morning , setting fresh 16-week highs .
" i also did not want gen. petraeus hanging out there all by himself .
ryanair passengers will be able to use their mobile phones in-flight within two weeks .
" head games " premieres on the science channel on saturday at 9 p.m.
they are unscented but appear from summer to autumn and i rate it highly .
if democracy was really working , george bush would not be president , remember ?
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.52 gmt on monday 7 december 2009 .
" we hadn 't won it for 26 years and it was a burden .
" often it is a matter of where you are getting the added sugar .
microsoft 's investor relations web site at http : / / www.microsoft.com / msft .
jarrett jack scored 18 for portland , which fell to 0-7 on the road .
investigators said the lights of the golf cart driving toward them were turned off .
fresh numbers on the deficit are due from the congressional budget office later tuesday .
there are reasons to select a leader that have nothing to do with politics .
knowing whether a cancer is fast or slow growing has important implications for treatment .
the votes and delegates should count the way they are from these two states .
that deal followed smfg 's investment of £ 500m in barclays of the uk .
the fighting comes amid an increase in us and british intelligence operations against iran .
to keep himself busy , he signed a contract with total nonstop action wrestling .
yet for most of the 20th century , the bank of england performed them .
the visit was benedict 's second as pontiff to a jewish house of worship .
so the two-year-old market for smart phone apps seems to be at a crossroads .
i love how failed entrepeneurs / losers give advice on how to be succesful .
early returns tuesday night showed the proposal winning with 72 percent of the vote .
critics have said it is too slow and the north 's intentions were questionable .
ginobili would come off the bench and ignite the rallies when they were needed .
i actually called him and said , ' have you heard this rumour ? '
then , at least there could have been a four-game peek into the future .
meanwhile , the supreme court dismissed three challenges to general musharraf 's re-election bid .
dungannon swifts have defender craig mcclean back for the carling premiership trip to glentoran .
a large backlog of projects raises the danger of a glut of office space .
i used to feel slightly ashamed of it in my days of fell-running obsession .
john mccain hopes to solve the country 's energy crisis with cold hard cash .
to pick up what we have and close it , " says celso amorim .
however , parliament has often seemed to lose interest once a bill becomes law .
concerns over some services have led residents to take matters into their own hands .
even better , it was game in which the lakers spread out the performance .
umar farouk abdulmutallab ( oo-mahr fah-rook ahb-dool-moo-tah-lahb ) was arraigned friday on six charges .
a call seeking comment from the city attorney 's office was not immediately returned .
a pair of spanish cyclists were testing out inter-continental pedal power and loco power .
it is already widely used for urinary problems from enlarged prostates as men age .
in 2006 the carnage grew , this time sectarian violence between shias and sunnis .
rank-and-file players and budding stars alike seem to see woods as more beatable now .
i have more sexual conversations with my friends this is nothing nearly as bad .
this new secret santa talks about larry stewart to just about everyone he encounters .
mr preston 's mother said she was " very angry at the system . "
fatalities involving a driver over the age of 65 dropped to 259 from 268 .
still , let 's not start reading the last rites for political humour yet .
acorn theater , 410 west 42nd street , clinton , ( 212 ) 279-4200 .
the implication is that these chinese are above the law , " he said .
musharraf stepped down monday just as the coalition stepped up efforts to oust him .
the united states has resisted signing a treaty while the north possesses nuclear weapons .
it 's very much about finding a practical solution that works for the individual .
northrup and yahoo , also described as subjects of the attacks , declined comment .
when you devalue the dollar -- and the dollar is going down every day .
while his family was trying to get him counseling , joseph began drinking heavily .
sharpton is a longtime family friend who plans to meet with the family sunday .
the consumer-friendly fox 50 added 9.40 points , or 1.06 % , to 896.52 .
tribes migrate east-west across the borders , following harvests , trade routes and jobs .
this has to happen before the government has to pay interest on the debt .
newnet ct has been a pioneer in the development of standards based ss7 signaling .
now is the time to invest whatever you can invest in the us economy .
austria , switzerland , ireland and norway are also believed to harbour similar concerns .
the un says some 300,000 people have been killed in darfur 's six-year conflict .
lott said he wanted to start a firm that is both small and bipartisan .
8 , when the court accepted his guilty plea and a $ 500 fine .
callebs : only one in three , at best , actually finish high school .
but that 's not what you usually go to vietnam for , is it ?
the cavaliers led 39-34 at the half and the jackrabbits could get no closer .
3com shares were up $ 1.28 to $ 4.96 in midday trade on nasdaq .
shu 's attorney said the case had nothing to do with espionage or treason .
the bill must now go to several other committees and then the house floor .
but the rate has since declined to 68 % , and is headed down .
mr kaycappa was also convicted of attacking ms mills 's friend , mark payne .
and a scan showed he had an anterior fracture of the second lumber vertebrae .
that drop was a sign that investors are shunning debt instruments they consider risky .
levan established a goal of $ 52,400--the marathon distance , times two .
elop , 44 , will begin working at microsoft at the end of january .
cantu hit a three-run shot and uggla went deep on park 's next pitch .
canada 's 1.2 million aboriginals are the country 's poorest and most disadvantaged group .
the tees were moved forward so far that the course was only 7,064 yards .
ways of lessening fish farms ' impact on the environment would also be explored .
the floor mat , he said , wasn 't interfering with the gas pedal .
detroit mayor dave bing : can he stop the city 's decline ? 10 .
joe maddock skipped past cipriani into open space and bath looked odds-on to score .
the data showed that these species had declined by about 60 % since 1970 .
i agree with the captain , and have done so publicly and in print .
on may 30 , a podcast of tour highlights will be available at boerumhillbrooklyn.org.
foreign investors continue to be wary of us long-term assets , especially agency bonds .
his paycheck is not what makes him the amazing father and husband he is .
" the agreement does not offer a timetable of the withdrawal of ethiopian forces .
an earlier version misstated where mr. fisher first worked as an assistant district attorney .
extremist views of people like sarkozy are detrimental to the democratic way of life .
he can 't wait to get here for rehearsals most days , he claims .
one week , the menu might be soul food ; another , middle eastern .
but those who received the warnings say there were " vague and imprecise . "
but there are conflicting views about both the gravity and causes of the problem .
the arguments raged despite a dire need for indonesia to raise flagging oil output .
comment : this movie is halarious and it was a long time in coming .
many fear that it may be resorted to only when it is too late .
" we factored in how sick people were , what their initial rhythms were .
this allows them to change their patter according the sales information feeding through minute-by-minute .
an invoice shows that labor totaled $ 25,610 , and materials cost $ 39,227 .
" it was not a negotiation or a debate , " adair turner said .
we continue to watch celebrities because , it seems , they have a secret .
i have been unable to find any law to call upon to defend myself .
this underlined the fact that a major fiscal consolidation lies just around the corner .
with the offense struggling and the bullpen depleted , wakefield was at his best .
the only idiots that listen and swallow what you say are your fellow liberals .
prosecutor kym worthy announced on monday that he had authorised a 12-count criminal indictment .
the victim was wearing a white gown when he was hit by the car .
the session was the first among the three leaders since obamatook office in january .
from the music to the costumes , dreams portrays fleetwood mac with incredible authenticity .
but it 's important to strike while the iron 's hot , lindland added .
it could damp down the tendency to lurching , veering panic home office decisions .
kashmiris and ethnic baloch are also present , " the second intelligence officer says .
" i know , " she says , " it needs an l-plate . "
at some point , you would think a teacher would actually learn common sense .
saviano said he was under round-the-clock protection by a team of seven paramilitary carabinieri .
we didn 't have much time because she was very busy at the time .
here 's an opportunity to make a change that will last for 10 years .
but , if the exchange rate cannot adjust , something else must instead .
we don 't go out to eat much , and we buy generic brands .
huckabee has surged in large part by rallying the gop 's religious right wing .
sylvia when maryanne left it hit me so hard i couldn 't believe it .
the fuel spill has not affected other vessels in the strait , christensen said .
" we believe in the strategy we 've embarked upon , " gazidis said .
" this is a huge milestone for the community , " mr. arboleda said .
i found it helped clear my thoughts and made me feel more in control .
" you know for american filmmakers , the oscars is like a mystic thing .
the government 's brief and those of any supporting groups are due by oct .
let 's not do that , we can all genuinely work together on this .
unexpected song choices made for some of the most revealing parts of the show .
admittedly , many men going under the razor this summer are not meteorologically inclined .
a quinnipiac university poll shows the american public is wary of a democratic-only bill .
the omnipresent question is whether he will let his past catch up with him .
the shopping behaviour appears to contradict stereotypes of germans and austrians as environmentally aware .
such statements are spurring companies such as biobased to move their headquarters to fayetteville .
he can keep this god and shove him where the sun doesn 't shine .
as the light warmed the clay , it became very soft and almost soupy .
will the prospect of a prize of £ 500,000 a man divide or rule ?
china is the world 's largest internet market with nearly 400 million internet users .
" and i think a lot of people try to clear out for christmas .
they have the vote , the right to speak , the right to argue .
" i was delighted with macheda 's performance at wembley , " ferguson insisted .
by allowing video on twitter , its founders hope to make it fashionable again .
more than anyone else , mr. annan has been the hope of this country .
they found that the group performing the self-control task suffered depletion in glucose afterward .
and that 's why i 'm sure that our brighter days are still ahead .
previously , the cancer society recommended that a doctor should screen an undecided patient .
the driver of the lorry was not injured in the accident , police said .
some sub 's going to get their nuts in a vice over that one .
when you sign for a team , you know that the manager can leave .
and the mayors , she said , are key to making it all work .
he died in middlesbrough 's james cook university hospital a week after the stabbing .
tollefsen and thoresen were included in coach roy johansen 's 23-man team on tuesday .
hundreds of opposition activists were briefly jailed to prevent them reaching islamabad 's airport .
the national aeronautics and space administration program is a competitive , three-phase award system .
it 's also one of the most spectacular , thanks to its gorge-straddling setting .
police investigating the killing offered a reward at the time but no-one was arrested .
the eagles have kevin kolb , who has thrown 130 passes in his career .
the films dr no and live and let die included scenes shot in jamaica .
they said that even surviving patients can have small tears of the aortic wall .
she is an amazing , long-suffering woman who stuck by me during my illness .
under a worst-case scenario , the economy could slip into a recession this year .
not to mention the joy chavez , castro , and other antiamericans will feel .
mike dubois , whitnei 's brother , criticized the slow pace of the investigation .
in new hampshire , former gov. jeanne shaheen defeated republican sen. john sununu .
memphis will present its findings to the committee on infractions on saturday in indianapolis .
she named him emmanuel , " because he was a gift from god . "
the real threat , the generals often tell the people , comes from abroad .
voters will choose provincial councils , which wield considerable power at the local level .
" we want to put things back to normality as soon as we can .
firefighters are tackling a serious fire at a meat processing factory in west lothian .
marcondes said the whale has been in the river for at least 15 days .
you might as well spend the money on flight , accommodations , restaurant meals .
and they were rewarded by perhaps the best game on british television this winter .
he wore outlandish costumes in public , spoke in an airy , high-pitched whisper .
melanie hain was found shot dead in her home along with her husband thursday .
march natural gas futures rose 3.9 cents to $ 8.033 per 1,000 cubic feet .
" not so far this morning , " the grandmother answers with a chuckle .
nearly half of the 750 building lots have been developed with expensive mountain homes .
in a way , i 'm delighted that this is more than a movie .
dates : through ski season ( usually until the first week of april ) .
mccain said there is not much that can be done about campaign financing now .
the heaven and hell section contains works dealing with anxiety , mortality and death .
this discount can only be claimed if no one lives at the property full-time .
more than one billion people rely on corals because the ecosystems sustain fish stocks .
gebrselassie set the current marathon world record 2 : 03 : 59 in 2008 .
state department spokesman tom casey said friday the department had received waxman 's letter .
he apologizes for not accepting gifts , cards and phone calls at the hospital .
the episodes are to air next monday through thursday at 11 : 30 p.m.
the flight bound for san juan , puerto rico , was diverted to havana .
but for dave , tokenism is all -- and much more important than democracy .
sentient bean , 13 east park avenue ; ( 912 ) 232-4447 ; sentientbean.com.
his wife pulls back her lips to show a mouth full of diseased teeth .
he added : " the results are down to the club 's professional approach .
he said he hoped to travel to myanmar sooner than his scheduled mid-november date .
" for me , it 's the same as when i played for cuba .
after moving , expect delays and annoyances even if you have done everything right .
any revising of the emergency-management structure inside the cabinet office could have resource implications .
the virus could spread or peter out -- the next few weeks will tell .
the players scrambled , switched clubs and talked to their caddies , and themselves .
a new week brings a fresh scorecard with no reference to the previous tournament .
before friday , the lengthy discussions involving afghanistan and pakistan stuck to strategy formulation .
how many sleepless nights does it take before one 's health begins to suffer ?
q. do people get a message when you " unfriend " them on facebook ?
i don 't think the akp is a threat to turkey 's secular values .
" there is more uncertainty now on how deep the economic slowdown will be .
so you 've found out that your new hobby is a gas , huh ?
there are clear echoes in that approach to murray 's construction of his career .
altogether about 3,500 homes are threatened and at least 10,000 residents have been evacuated .
guns have nothing to do with murder or suicide ... according to gun owners .
at a dance there in 1940 she met robin day , a recent graduate .
several weeks on , however , i was definitely in need of cosmetic enhancement .
the giants will conduct a three-day mandatory minicamp at giants stadium beginning on wednesday .
the company is also under investigation for possible weapons smuggling , allegations blackwater denies .
many south koreans fear that american beef is not safe from mad cow disease .
many scanners come with " low-dose " features which go unused in many places .
the researchers said people risked spreading diarrhoeal disease by not washing their hands thoroughly .
it said modern technology allowed staff in inverness to monitor farms across the continent .
about 3.2 million coupon requests are on the waiting list , consumers union said .
2000--the times switches to morning publication and goes head-to-head with the p-i .
that 's the tea baggers , violent , bigoted , racist , crazy whackadoodles .
a colleague said that athens should have got the games : " oh no .
sales in may , usually one of its strongest months , were unexpectedly poor .
four of the seven are thought to be of particular interest to the detectives .
11 , daniel andrade of the country 's institute of geophysics told the newspaper .
they also operated service stations in paint rock and woodville for a few years .
aya terakawa of japan was second in 59.59 and coughlin finished third in 59.70 .
they have three regular-season games left , against west virginia , providence and cincinnati .
markets in the u.s. and many other countries will be closed tuesday for christmas .
at first glance , you might take the little drawing as a faded photograph .
and all around me , i did not see anyone heading into the lodge .
okoye was born in lagos and moved to the united states at age 12 .
the los angeles school where she served as principal was subsequently named after her .
such regulation should not separate maintaining solvency from setting rates and reviewing market conduct .
kazakhstan had previously demanded more than $ 10 billion , according to other sources .
" we 'll appeal immediately , " cecilia 's lawyer michele cahen told reuters .
experts said computer hackers largely have moved away from showboating and causing random trouble .
it will be the first contract renegotiation conducted by new chief executive ron gourlay .
making every global challenge a security issue trumps free markets and limits personal freedoms .
long lines but no real problems , lines moving , folks in good spirits .
roger federer has announced that his wife mirka gave birth to twin girls yesterday .
but told that city officials had not heard of him , he hung up .
police considered it a triple homicide because davina husted was about five months pregnant .
in fact , seven in 10 people did not tell anyone else about it .
tungurahua erupted in july and august of 2006 , causing at least four deaths .
lithuanians and belarussians have needed visas to visit each other 's country since 1993 .
residents said they were defying a police threat to jail them if they stayed .
she 's having her fourth child , her third child with singer husband seal .
science teaching has been a cause of considerable concern for education experts for decades .
he is also due to address us forces based in afghanistan and us officials .
graham frost , from barrow fire station , said there was relief all round .
no ben ali , " they chanted before a force of uniformed security officials .
but henry , who was underrated in buffalo and tennessee , is the key .
the meps who want to end the opt-out say that longer hours mean exploitation .
lesson 2 : you may get a lower rate by dealing with a person .
owen 's latest setback came during england 's friendly international in vienna last friday .
it is things like this that pietersen will pick up as he goes along .
one of them started modelling at the college and then got his friends involved .
to be sure , healing in the job market is likely to be slow .
hundreds of millions of pounds were pumped into the conflict , mr blair said .
charlotte , n.c. - wall street knows it shouldn 't get ahead of itself .
but when the officer got out of his patrol car the mercedes sped off .
otherwise , imperial said it was making good progress with the integration of altadis .
it had been widely thought that paedophilia was triggered by childhood trauma or abuse .
against this backdrop , vancouver is sprucing up and preparing to host the world .
" despite difficult markets , our businesses are running smoothly , " he said .
the researchers noted that proving that air pollution from vehicles caused illness was difficult .
more than 35,000 litres ( 7,700 gallons ) of pure alcohol was also found .
from 1978 onwards , all members of the winning squads have been given medals .
when everyone tries to exit the asset class at once , the vessel capsizes .
in the current environment , this is a harder task than it might seem .
the confirmation that socgen had closed out all its rogue positions was also comforting .
the national weather service said at least 17 twisters touched down across the state .
also : how about putting a cross-bar over the goal post 's vertical posts ?
i 've leaned against him ; set cups of coffee and soda against him .
the bnp 's paul golding captured it with a majority of 76 over labour .
but unlike others , he rejected a 1994 kremlin amnesty and demanded a trial .
her lead in the race to capture the democratic nomination widened by the day .
dow jones industrial average futures slipped 61 , or 0.56 percent , to 10,826 .
the name of the soldier is being withheld pending notification of next of kin .
london - the royal welsh regiment is saying farewell to a four-legged military buddy .
any of the democrats will be head and shoulders above any of the republicans .
nor are there signs that china is ready to ditch the dollar , either .
tonga 's third island group is called tongatapu , where its capital is located .
hundreds of families visit the road to see the reindeer , sleighs and trains .
i found out the jewish deli has certainly been going away for some time .
he has responded with a tougher line against wall street and excessive executive bonuses .
ford also was hurt by a 62 percent reduction in sales to rental-car companies .
the family hopscotched around the country before groves headed to dartmouth on a scholarship .
abc 's miguel marquez reports that a student dormitory in the city has collapsed .
why are kennedy , kerry , bradley , etc not rushing to his side .
maryland 's top law enforcement officer also moved to launch an investigation into acorn .
josh howard added 14 points and erick dampier had eight points and 10 rebounds .
before mr. lindsay moved to rensselaerville , he spent much of his career traveling .
last year the uk 's bbc launched its own publicly funded arabic tv channel .
" we want light , but we want strong , " mr. junkin said .
in 2001 , the united states expelled 40 russian diplomats it said were spies .
former first round pick jonathan joseph was suspended for the loss to the chiefs .
all the money spent on the legal processes could have been spent on airfare !
high-end antiques from frederick p. victoria & son will be on sale from feb .
aircraft accounted for $ 5.3 billion of the american exports to china last year .
anthony morrow and corey maggette had 17 and 16 points respectively for the warriors .
residents were then allowed to leave their homes from late morning to early evening .
the weather finally cleared enough to make air searches possible , but only briefly .
chip reid reports from prague on what the white house calls an historic agreement .
when nadal was a kid , he didn 't dream of being number one .
i will forever be changed by it , i think in a good way .
greenville , s.c. , june 4 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- jps industries , inc .
hans christian andersen 's 205th birthday has been honoured in today 's google doodle .
but he is not expecting there to be a widespread drop in house prices .
asking rents were flat at $ 31.14 per square foot compared with $ 31.16 .
when he emerged he had dropped to 16th , but worse was to come .
this news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws .
the dimensions of the prints suggest some individuals were more than two metres long .
" daw suu is also expecting the rest of her requests to be fulfilled .
the torch relay in nagano came off without serious incident because it had to .
even if the risks are low , that 's little consolation to suffering patients .
yet , at times , mr clegg has faltered and sounded waffly in public .
in 1980 joao bernardo vieira took power in a bloodless coup within the paigc .
in 1993 , tribeswoman jessie little doe baird began researching and collecting word stems .
the 40-year-old had been the lead motorcycle in the motorcade when the crash occurred .
" real current [ my italics ] spending " too was going to grow .
" they play on that strength but we don 't need to match that .
falling home values , retirement savings with dramatic losses and soaring health care costs .
here , ordinary afghans discuss whether the latest developments are good for the country .
the bbc was given rare access to bayrampasa detention centre to see the result .
brazilian police discovered the domestic waste , some of it hazardous , in june .
just drop your phone on the lamp 's disk-shaped base and the phone charges .
" some women need to pay for that affection that makes them feel human .
the percentage of tests showing worryingly high potassium levels fell significantly after the change .
the nec said concrete coating for 12,500 lengths of pipe is close to completion .
some members of the constituent assembly criticized him for rushing to finish the constitution .
bullsbay , winner of the whitney handicap at saratoga , leads the local contingent .
his wife michelle slapped at his hands , obliging him to put it away .
so why are we not exercised by russia 's wicked distortion of the past ?
pretax income in bnp paribas ' consumer-banking division rose 0.6 percent to euro316 million .
" the address at earl street , ec2 , has about 60 people inside .
a hormone that makes people eat more works by causing food to look tastier .
if your family is making 90k a year , thats roughly 1,000 a month .
sir rod 's appointment comes at a time when anz is suffering reputational damage .
the dow jones industrial average fell 43.18 , or 0.4 percent , to 11,126.28 .
it 's sam 's club division posted a more modest 1.7 percent sales gain .
at the moment , i feel the training provision for teachers is very poor .
the two drugs have collective global annual sales of more than $ 4.5 billion .
but the socket may not grow deep enough and the ball may be dislocated .
the worst-case scenario would rule the lions scrum-half out of action for four months .
sen. mccain has the support of ted olson , the former u.s. solicitor general .
he underwent angioplasty surgery in mid-september after doctors found a blockage near his heart .
what the family wants now is a posthumous pardon from the governor of texas .
it was a closed club , and that made everybody want to get in .
the decrease in the quarter was primarily attributable to principal repayment on mortgage-backed securities .
doctors can check out practicematch.com ; those seeking nonprofit work can go to idealist.org.
the investigation into a widespread salmonella outbreak traced to a georgia peanut processing plant .
the stereo remasters , though , really don 't seem worth it to me .
29 , 2006 , in ramadi when he threw himself on a hand grenade .
the company 's other major newspapers include the ( baltimore ) sun , hartford .
" she 's a big ol ' girl , almost a quarter million tons .
an experienced traveler , she took note of the make and model of aircraft .
a college professor and his students are using nature to clean up their campus .
it was the height of the gang wars that saw the city dubbed gunchester .
trina thompson filed a lawsuit last week against monroe college in bronx supreme court .
a police investigation has proved inconclusive and police revoked his protection two months ago .
24 ( upi ) -- i am constantly amazed at children 's discriminating palates .
what they have a responsibility to is the fans and the city of portsmouth .
he said : " a full statement from e would not provide sufficient evidence .
clinton and obama are locked in a close duel for the democratic presidential nomination .
" is he going to kill me ? " he asked with a laugh .
jacobson lost her job in july 2007 at nbc-affiliate wmaq-tv after the tape aired .
i fundamentally believe that vouchers are simply one part of the entire educational pie .
defensive end armond armstead suffered a broken bone in his left foot on aug .
i wasn 't aware that this is the real idea of morality and democracy .
he didn 't turn on the tv--he doesn 't even have one .
" he is an exceptional deliverer of the ball , " o 'neill purred .
he insists he will be " friendly to markets , not to business . "
to do this 3uk is building the uk 's best high-speed mobile broadband network .
leachate at maine landfills typically is piped or trucked to municipal wastewater treatment plants .
when was the last time your city council went after people for littering ? "
she is also the president of epic records , and she 's barely 30 .
maybe the landscapes of these dream fragments aren 't so easily reduced into comprehension .
survey the situation , and ask yourself : where has all this money gone ?
there 's also value for money and the quality over all is very good .
henry doesn 't want to touch the case ; he thinks it 's unwinnable .
i caught my breath , realizing that i could have broken his big toe .
galvez , the kilimanjaro climber , describes himself as a " youthful 40-something . "
ellis , 59 , has worked 14 years at the colorado boulevard car lot .
but tagging more very young children as candidates for autism therapy creates another problem .
we want every american to be the best he or she chooses to be .
they said " more professional work " was needed , without adding further details .
for more information about legal sea foods and its locations , please visit www.legalseafoods.com.
chuck schumer last week saying he will bring gay marraige to all 50 states .
there 's also a surf forecast and in some places a live beach cam .
french ambassador jean-maurice ripert said the council needed be certain somalis wanted international peacekeepers .
a former mayor today admitted breaking into women 's homes and stealing their underwear .
some critics of hip-hop say its sexual content causes teens to have more sex .
i will be one of those severely affected by the announced cuts in allowances .
the causes of the acceleration reported in japan are still unclear , furukawa said .
the investigation began after navy officials received an anonymous letter alleging the improper relationship .
it was 50 feet long , weighed 45 tons and possessed a 33,000-pound bite .
she said production is not expected to be restored to full capacity until february .
lower than expected soybean exports for the week put pressure on soybean prices monday .
all these finds are officially registered thanks to something called the portable antiquities scheme .
it will make for sensational hockey , no matter which game you are watching .
the trial has been delayed to allow appeals by defense lawyers to reinstate witnesses .
and 5 or 6 of them out of 363 died from the drug itself .
some believe that the infusion is not enough to keep the highway fund afloat .
i would like to stay in insurance , " snowball told the sunday times .
the israelis could attack again , the fatah and hamas conflict could ignite again .
it 's probably just me ; sometimes you and a show just grow apart .
lance armstrong climbs to third overall but remains 5 : 25 behind the leader .
perhaps parents , even hard working parents , need to set a better example .
but he has been all but invisible since then , showing little plate discipline .
separately , the palestinians have been drafting a proposed outline of a peace deal .
the nl east-leading phillies have won four straight games after losing 14 of 18 .
monday 's football transfer rumours : barack obama to become a manchester city fan ?
he is so much better than anyone who has ever appeared on american idol .
why is poor ms. bigelow forever condemned to be the ex-wife of james cameron .
a contestant participates in a belly flop contest aboard the vision of the seas .
might is right in brutish london , and none is mightier than the navara .
no disrespect but was this diabetic condition exacerbated by her herione / coke addiction ?
nato says an american serviceman has been killed by a roadside bomb in afghanistan .
storefronts were damaged in nearby nawabshah , the home town of bhutto 's widower .
all three of the remaining presidential candidates marked the anniversary of king 's death .
i saw a lot of things that bring me back to my past . "
he said the president 's unpopularity adds " baggage " to mcconnell 's campaign .
monday for the first time since the public learned of his sordid private life .
san jose , calif . , april 28 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- sunpower corp.
prejean said the photos were taken for modeling agency applications , not for publication .
san francisco - computer attacks typically don 't inflict physical pain on their victims .
" after a short struggle , this defendant stabbed dee willis in the neck .
some might raise reasonable concerns about the cost and logistics of assembling these superdelegates .
but prospects for growth look much bleaker than they did even a fortnight ago .
u.s. officials had thought badawi was under house arrest or other loose government control .
it has forbidden residents from watching movies , dancing at weddings and playing soccer .
the detentions signal that the authorities are increasingly targeting members of iran 's elite .
saturday 's finals pairing will mark the second time pennetta will have played wickmayer .
there is currently no technology that allows a computer to do all the screening .
the euro , a distant second , represents less than 30 percent of reserves .
and there are not too many available players out there who could do that .
they had tumbled to less than half that in the depths of the crisis .
i don 't think [ the injury ] really just affected my fitness level .
authorities claim to have shot down one of the planes near the international airport .
on the power play , pittsburgh went 1-for-5 , and the capitals were 0-for-3 .
it was his fourth victory of the season and 11th of his busch career .
his body , still in uniform , was found washed up on a beach .
previous israeli massive military operations in gaza have failed to halt the rocket fire .
roger federer and novak djokovic made straightforward progress in their second-round matches at wimbledon .
almost £ 7 million has been donated by the public to construct the memorial .
then wiley stood laughing with ferguson after michael owen 's 96th minute winning goal .
the case was then referred to the scottish legal complaints commissioner to ensure impartiality .
attaching an eye patch with super glue could have turned out so much worse .
eu leaders will sign the new treaty of the union in lisbon on thursday .
it promptly sparked a political storm that has left the army on the defensive .
he also scored one touchdown on a kickoff return and two on punt returns .
this might sound restrictive , but looking demure certainly beats showing off your whale-tail .
for more information about isri 's theft alert system , visit www.isri.org / theftalert .
there 's a cliché that it 's too late , but it never is .
bonderman pitched 1 1 / 3 innings , allowing six runs on seven hits .
she said u.s. credit unions generally remained healthy , well-capitalized and eager to lend .
favre said he believed that once the game started , he would be fine .
bush called the pakistani president on tuesday during a flight from rwanda to ghana .
in 2002 , hurricane katrina alone was responsible for $ 41.1 billion in losses .
the original heads will be on display in a new gallery in the castle .
" i currently send [ infants ' bodies ] to birmingham for post mortems .
brown spoke only once during the hearing -- he thanked schnegg for her remarks .
in jackson hole , the four seasons resort still had openings in late july .
we should stop giving aid until all the americans are unconditionally released from hati .
fifteen trusts that responded left a lone doctor responsible for responding to late-night emergencies .
" it seemed like a good idea at the time , " he quipped .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.16 gmt on tuesday 23 march 2010 .
but lilly did not issue a similar advisory to doctors in the united states .
the usda natural resources conservation service ( nrcs ) in california has set feb .
strathclyde police has seized 80,000 cannabis plants from rented flats and homes since 2006 .
the main lounge is dominated by an amazing three-story stone chimney with six fireplaces .
but paige wood , and dermatologists , insist they are not worth the risk .
as the elections approach , mr. mukhtar said he was leaving little to chance .
his widow , lady elsie , was present in zurich to collect the award .
the united states is also pushing for greater market access for its green goods .
i think of myself these days as a really good friend to dead scientists .
germany has since passed the file to other countries , including the united states .
media companies now have a new platform that presents content in an intimate way .
how can someone fall short again on the biggest stage and not be disappointed ?
outside , the convulsions of modern chinese history were scarring an already damaged landscape .
he has told his own story in a memoir , " colored people . "
bystander cpr has been key in cities with high survival rates , experts said .
voucherseeker also provides its users with details of all the latest sales and promotions .
buyer , 51 , is the top republican on the house veterans affairs committee .
the arrival of the first moon rocks in 1969 was eagerly anticipated by scientists .
a car has been hit by a train on a level crossing in norfolk .
midfielder yaya toure ( ankle ) is a doubt and edmilson could replace him .
butler thinks knowledge that deep could make lechleiter the right person to lead lilly .
that increase could lead to rising revenue in future periods as deals are completed .
there is a lot of poverty , unemployment and sickness like everywhere in africa .
a century ago , few people regularly brushed their teeth multiple times a day .
the general aviation lobby has exerted its considerable clout to fend off new measures .
analysts had been expecting $ 2.60 per share on revenue of $ 27.8 billion .
the judgeʼs decision prevents both parties from filing any more lawsuits without her permission .
one floor above , relatives of the dead huddle in small , silent groups .
the less nevada voters see of angle the more they seem to like her .
as president obama pointed out this week , washington doesn 't act without deadlines .
we want to send you to a safe place ' , " he said .
even my date had tears in his eyes toward the end of the movie .
the kings made their free throws in the closing seconds to seal the win .
few details of the latest accident , in alexandria , were available thursday night .
they are consuming a third of the ipcc 's resources and hampering other inquiries .
its 305bhp from a 2.5-litre turbo engine is a european record for front-wheel drive .
in 2004 , the illness forced gregory to leave his job as wigan coach .
against that , nobody chose a communist government in czechoslovakia , " she said .
and the rover will send a signal to earth saying it has landed safely .
65 x 110 mm3 , the network features a weight of approximately 550 g .
the sloppy management and obstructive and overmanned crews are not for the present day .
years ago i was a traveling salesman and my turf was most of asia .
alexander had previously admitted 17 offences of taking , possessing and distributing indecent images .
" we haven 't even seen a positive jobs report in the u.s. economy .
new contracts were reached with the auto companies without strikes in 1999 and 2003 .
the vatican has ruled out any possibility of a papal resignation over the scandal .
his son , lee , plays for rhyl in the principality welsh premier league .
by golly - he 's not bad at all for an 80 yr old .
how he got into painting : i 'm a rock guitar player and songwriter .
" it is not a matter of mere ... irregularities , " he added .
one of his co-workers reportedly subdued olson until police arrived a few minutes later .
" we don 't get a lot of foot traffic , " he explained .
they 'd better get used to it , because they 're stuck with him .
the site is the homeland of the indigenous san communities , dr tishkoff explained .
and overcoming the special interests and the lobbyists who -- senator clinton is right .
the surfing skinhead is now a member of australia 's new center-left federal government .
previous events have not been shadowed by the threat of bureaucratic gridlock and chaos .
wall street had expected a 0.4 percent increase , according to dow jones newswires .
argentina is the world 's second largest corn exporter and third largest soybean exporter .
per-share profit was 4 cents lower than the average analyst estimate compiled by bloomberg .
that 's down from $ 1.2 billion ( 71 cents ) a year earlier .
to locate the one nearest you , go to www.lifeclinic.com / locator / search.asp.
it is not a position the british government cares for - quite the reverse .
she works with the city to address the needs and concerns of the community .
the tories are relishing swinging the axe on the public services everyone depends on .
business prospects are so uncertain that smaller entrepreneurs have lost their nerve for risk .
the victim was taken to grantham hospital where he was treated for his injuries .
brooks laich and viktor kozlov scored , and alex ovechkin assisted on both goals .
light metal buildings will typically have less capacity to handle a high snow load .
when was the last time hamas arrested a large part of the israeli cabinet ?
" basketball was my life , growing up , yes , " palin said .
the most potent policy instrument we currently have at our disposal is fiscal policy .
" we couldn 't quite get that goal , " said coach george burley .
host mark austin asked about their role as executive producers on saturday night takeaway .
" records are made to be broken , including mine , " he said .
inbev said it now had all the regulatory clearances it needed for the deal .
san diego added a run in the seventh on hong-chih kuo 's wild pitch .
branthwaite , an experienced press photographer , has made a statement to the ipcc .
it 's the best wake up call we ever had , " he said .
regulatory interference in pricing has also been a big issue for independent power producers .
mccain is ahead by one point in north carolina ( 15 electoral votes ) .
in a fitting way , the hurricane resembled the life that peterson long lived .
how long does it take for a habit to form , i wondered today .
the greatest hit was not made on the field or even inside a stadium .
financial results for its first quarter 2008 on tuesday , may 13 , 2008 .
history suggests that while property values fluctuate , they rise over the long term .
she received proposals from around the world but was won over by the lice .
" i don 't think that is a major problem , " hilliard said .
analysts polled by thomson reuters , on average , expected 55 cents per share .
spread the cut and pry out the hardened plug of caulk inside the nozzle .
he started 16 games as a freshman , averaging 11.2 points and 6.2 rebounds .
he is followed in the overall standings by astana teammates alberto contador and armstrong .
reform advocates who are also social liberals face a dilemma in answering this question .
her daughter , now age six , was in the hospital for three weeks .
not only that , but the sense of continual buffeting can take its toll .
new orleans , la : for the second day in a row , john ...
" i think that is something that would be surprising , " she said .
bp texas city has initiated an investigation into the incident , the statement added .
unable to access sunlight , plants that were critical sources of food quickly died .
sir richard branson said the deal was a " triumph of common sense . "
but just like a tax on transactions , it has an obvious political advantage .
unanimous all-acc guard malcolm delaney says he spurned street agents during his college recruitment .
" as far as i 'm concerned they didn 't heed those warnings . "
the new site increases coverage and capacity along ocean heights avenue and zion road .
i sure all these kids were planned to make money for this pathetic couple .
the bnp 's electoral success there is part of a nationwide shift in fortunes .
if i hadn 't chosen surgery i would probably have specialised in medical oncology .
but washington is expected to continue pushing new delhi to accept binding emissions targets .
former buffalo captain chris drury and nikolai zherdev also scored during the decisive second .
fiona iris from brixham coastguard said : " they weren 't in any danger .
calls by the associated press to coppola 's new york-based representative were not returned .
as far as content goes , however , you are 100 % spot on .
but after the initial excitement , it became clear that her appeal was limited .
in both cases , he allegedly used crude homemade bombs to attack his victims .
" it 's time to attack and not be defensive , " kilar believes .
another man said the taliban told everyone here they will chop off their fingers .
imus pointed out that his show has a black producer and two black co-hosts .
then he 's transformed into the fly when his wonky teleportation invention goes awry .
they howled with righteous fury when we told them it was time to leave .
if approved , work could start in january 2011 and be completed by 2013 .
they can sell us cheap goods and we can sell them grain and pork .
i 've been pretty lucky here since 2005 , and so far so good !
until it does , jal will continue to be buffeted by rumour and counter-rumour .
he resisted and was killed by other officers in a gunbattle , it said .
cnn 's jill dougherty , ed henry and mike mount contributed to this report .
seven people were arrested and charged in new york and texas , authorities said .
place the haddock in a dish , covered with foil to keep it warm .
interviews of 1,696 adults for the nationwide poll were done by phone on nov .
we had become part hustlers , part writers , part editors , part businessmen .
variables blow in on the cold northwest equalizer , which blows where it will .
hearn , playing the back nine first , had birdies on nos. 12-15 .
but it 's even more good news for alberto and his second chicago location .
a us army spokesman said he was a threat to the security of iraq .
officials said low humidity and relatively high temperatures prompted them to extend the alert .
richard was in the first episode in 1985 and remained for nearly 22 years .
mr. thompson said the sport could catch on in the united states -- eventually .
the lakers have already been through that in dealing with the game four choke .
attempts to poach business on a rival 's home patch have almost always failed .
" we hate to hold up the climate bill , " mcconnell told reporters .
each approach , political strategists and officials warn , could have costs next november .
it sent the man to a sacramento hospital with serious injuries including smoke inhalation .
marketers and cellphone makers are only too happy to fill the newest generation gap .
users will be able to perform a limited set of queries on that index .
its sleek , eero saarinen-designed halls bordered a neighborhood crumbling with poverty and neglect .
was this , his second seizure , a sign of epilepsy or another disorder ?
the consumer price index rose 0.4 % last month having been flat in july .
white hart court was closed when the demand for sheltered housing began to fall .
you 've selected a number of high profile people for your national secure team .
plans for the course were first announced in 1998 by mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
" we should have better depth of young english players , " said brooking .
but every store , as it turns out , is not quite the same .
texas , however , conducted one execution the evening of the court 's decision .
still , russia prizes its independence and is unlikely to become an opec member .
if granted , it would be only the second control order granted in australia .
the one man on the planet who might escape the bear-baiting is phil mickelson .
in 1986 , the soviet regime made the first breach in the iron curtain .
" the radicals are likely to get the largest number of seats once again .
they went from phd students to ( paper ) billionaires in about five years .
the two are old friends and have been pooling their expertise for several years .
the poker players alliance is chaired by former new york sen. alfonse d 'amato .
but not even they could match the ebullient spirits of fbn 's on-air personalities .
" in the past , currency bills were fighting for space in my wallet .
osha investigators will be interviewing witnesses and looking for identifiable hazards , she said .
the wedding 's off ; the losers won ; the show choir is united .
already 101 terminals have logged on to the trading system , " he said .
walks in the fields and woods round the cottage became painful and somehow pointless .
lee hugged hana , the 4-year-old daughter she had not seen for five months .
he was described as england 's greatest batsman until the arrival of wg grace .
miles ' throw short-hopped catcher kelly stinnett in a force attempt at the plate .
most reported reactions turn out to have nothing to do with their supposed cause .
they are also likely to have legal status and greater wealth , he said .
china has quarantined hundreds of foreign visitors who have shown symptoms of swine flu .
as much as many people would like to dismiss spygate , several questions remain .
trivia note : brightmen performed at the closing ceremony in 1992 , in barcelona .
the diary will be part of an exhibition at london 's imperial war museum .
it is an approach that has brought him into regular conflict with sports authorities .
revend wright 's comments on white people , however ugly , are not racist .
durani also said karzai indicated that he might change some ministers in upcoming months .
his rally in austin , tex . , on friday evening fitted his hoped-for-narrative .
he was freed by the police , but the demonstrators later retook the building .
" i am not interested in that kind of politics , " he said .
the car they were seen getting into is described as a red vauxhall corsa .
it was his second career home run off hendrickson and fifth at dolphin stadium .
he says he has " never seen it this dramatic " in 48 years .
nevertheless , he couldn 't stop me from getting on that plane to chicago .
umar said one islamic fighter died and two others were wounded in the attack .
life is not too bad but there are some people who need a change .
watching grace and yolanda tentatively try to articulate their burgeoning friendship was truly touching .
new york - jude law 's hamlet does not go quietly into the night .
ms matthews was asked directly if she knew where her daughter was all along .
beef rations have long been restricted to children , the elderly and ill people .
there are several reasons typically cited for the growth in california 's prison spending .
after a long period of republican-dominated governance , the public is ready for change .
google , with its heavy investment in online services , poses a particular challenge .
with trusted experts now gone , it gets even harder , u.n. officials say .
much of the infrastructure for the olympics will have to be built from scratch .
only developed countries , including the us , would be expected to guarantee cuts .
mavy stoddard was shot three times in her legs but is expected to recover .
santa cruz , california , bans discrimination on the grounds of height or weight .
anyway , another aspect of this seems to be the immediacy of the medium .
reporters were not allowed to report cheney 's visit until he had safely arrived .
he said he was arrested and beaten last year for organizing a facebook protest .
aides said he would spell out his strategy at the board 's november meeting .
surely cameron can 't think they 'll see him as one of their own ?
pricing off cds spreads then might not be such a departure from current practice .
a spokeswoman for the home office said it did not comment on individual cases .
" safety 's always an issue because we know the girls aren 't alone .
he was indicted but the charges were eventually dismissed in a deal with prosecutors .
" we will review this new petition and respond appropriately , " he said .
none of the men had any obvious signs of heart disease , or stroke .
they started out good , he says , and got better with every episode .
peterson and his lawyer , joel brodsky , appeared on nbcʼs " today . "
the debate also heard demands for diplomatic relations be broken off with sri lanka .
the bmwed also represents 50,000 employees of freight and commuter railroads across north america .
jagr debuted the hairstyle when he broke into the nhl with pittsburgh in 1990 .
it 's hadr to tpye accurtaely with all this cihcken graese on my figners .
but there have been political and economic consequences to the ongoing protests as well .
more than 15 percent of the company 's basic research budget goes to universities .
" laurent gbagbo will leave before the end of january , " ouattara added .
the death toll rose to more than 55,000 and nearly 25,000 people remain missing .
thanks so very much for this terribly important piece of reporting , kate pickert .
alex cora flied out , but jesus feliciano 's rbi single made it 3-1 .
headteacher helen richardson said : " it was a wonderful day for the school .
as many as 4.5 million people are judged to need critical , emergency assistance .
soon firefighters from orange and riverside counties were racing up to join the effort .
i want justice , " pack , 29 , said in a news release .
but this is still theoretical , and the sources have preferred to remain anonymous .
but according to tuesday 's report , the pace of loan modifications has slowed .
in later years , he had been a session musician for various rock bands .
and the customer , he said , did not set age or testing requirements .
' it was the only thing that made me happy , ' she says .
both addresses lead to simple pages covered in advertisments for correctly spelt mortgage services .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 00.05 gmt on friday 4 december 2009 .
they have given their lives so that we may have the lives we have .
if you 're not aware of this , you 're really not to blame .
shares have traded between 89 cents and $ 9.20 over the last 52 weeks .
" it 's destructive , " he said of the contest that airs here .
people in chile knew the safest places to go to when the earthquake struck .
he has long been a hero among fellow liberals while scorned by many conservatives .
the 19-year-old man is expected to appear at belfast magistrates court on 11 march .
even the church 's decor reflects the delicate position in which it now operates .
in government bonds , the benchmark 10-year japanese yield was unchanged at 1.290 percent .
powys and ceredigion are two of seven councils in wales affected by the crisis .
shut it down ! " the crowd chanted , standing up and applauding wildly .
one of the most unorthodox plots came three months after the september 11 bombings .
yet mr obama 's visit reflected the state 's significance in his political journey .
the badgers built an early nine-point lead , but could not shake the gaels .
notes : @ the game was the makeup of an april 29 rainout . ...
india 's air force flies russian-made mig fighters , british jaguars and french mirages .
president barack obama said saturday that the al qaeda offshoot was behind the attempt .
recently , mapmyride.com launched imapmy , that has enhanced the challenge experience for cyclists .
" even third- or fourth-level people who work for us have ambition and attitude .
visit b.r.a.d.21 ( be responsible about drinking ) for more information on this topic .
no one at gm has yet demonstrated that level of patience with the task .
the stock prices of at & t and verizon also slipped after the news .
hi i 'm sorry i 've never heard of sergeant sarver / will james .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.13 gmt on saturday 20 march 2010 .
born in dublin , murphy insists there will be no split loyalties for him .
a delta spokeswoman says all 257 passengers have been safely taken off the plane .
the government was urged to reopen an affiliated boys school closed after the operation .
flashing lights have two advantages : they are more noticeable and batteries last longer .
she claimed she was instead sent home on sick leave - against her will .
get it out in the open and wave it around where everyone can see .
the size of the entire dubai world central project is best appreciated by comparisons .
as autumn progresses , the planet appears to brighten , and viewing mars improves .
" i 'm surprised i didn 't knock him down , " he said .
but brutal price competition encouraged by the supermarkets has not just hit independent stores .
either way , leaving him be for the moment will make his choices easier .
when the mice are gone , you need to make the house more mouse-resistant .
a new study is raising doubts about one of the hottest fields in biotechnology .
another possible candidate is jana bennett , the director of vision at the bbc .
isnt it bad enough that our children are coming home with scares from war .
" it 's not about the candidate , it 's about the party generally .
" you are never 100 % sure but i would say 99 % . "
jon rauch gave up the other two colorado runs over two-thirds of a frame .
in november , the labour mp called for a judicial investigation into the case .
there was none of the broadness of expression that you get in great work .
you 'll get two nights free when you buy four for a six-night stay .
q. what can we expect to learn about you from watching your new show ?
neighbors told the newspaper the kruger property reeked whenever it was hot or rainy .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.22 bst on wednesday 14 april 2010 .
do you think we could train them to sniff for drugs or bombs instead ?
i am a mother myself now and understand her selfishness and betrayal even less .
attractions at the zoo include flamingos , monkeys , jaguars , parrots and pumas .
analysts polled by thomson reuters were expecting ebitda of $ 4.3 billion for 2009 .
when he needed to travel abroad , he chartered jets , jurors were told .
the omnium , a new olympic event , comprises five disciplines over five days .
philadelphia - martin brodeur gave patrick roy some company in the 500 victory club .
that 's one version , and the buddha already has his constant distinguishing marks .
house speaker nancy pelosi said on tuesday that bankruptcy was out of the question .
boston - new england quarterback tom brady 's newborn son has the initials jet .
asomugha said the jets ' empty set did not catch the raiders by surprise .
they are franklin raines and jamie gorelick , who subsequently became fannie mae executives .
he went to his campus apartment , and the replay was on his tv .
the french government confirmed that colonel mohamed bacar had requested political asylum in france .
natural gas prices dropped 0.019 cents to $ 4.155 per million british thermal units .
some said they planned to sell their livestock , so damaging their livelihoods further .
" cos is brilliant , and i bought a great suit in topman recently .
that would be enough food to serve 11.7 million meals or fill 400 trucks .
i 'm just warm all over that our representatives are so concerned about us .
as part of the investigation , 42 undercover purchases were made in various storefronts .
next year britain will introduce ambitious new qualifications , combining academic and vocational study .
the dow jones industrial average rose 221.11 , or 2.6 percent , to 8,721.44 .
i 'm just so relieved that they are ok - it 's so amazing .
no date has been set for their wedding , according to strahan 's manager .
we suspect this change of heart has been driven more by self-interest than conviction .
the man had been part of the university 's support staff , robinson said .
" i think muto 's nomination is the most reasonable , " he said .
the republicans cannot see the entire picture through their antiquated biases and hate .
two uniformed police officers stood by the cordon at either end of the road .
about $ 700 billion in investments vanished and trading volumes set new records wednesday .
broadcast chief ibrahim sahin said the new channel would feature a variety of programming .
" this simply will not lead to a flood of court cases against schools .
the guardian can reveal just how successful -- and controversial -- the operation was .
they died when the chabad community house in mumbai was targeted by armed gunmen .
he 's shafted 3 ) brown * has * lost control of his staff .
people have also been urged not to bring their own fireworks to the event .
most of the law 's protections aren 't scheduled to take effect until feb .
this required the royal family to charter commercial aircraft , often at short notice .
" we thought she had gone away because she was upset about her cat .
but mr putin questioned whether there was a need for nuclear weapons at all .
beam , 27 , would make $ 450,000 if he played in the majors .
the last confirmed sighting of the girl is of her leaving school at 3.10pm.
remove accumulations of leaves around plants , but don 't blow the beds bare .
sampras is another contender , even though he never reached the french open final .
the " terrorist act " counts stem from shots fired at an occupied building .
the incident is the latest in a string of copper thefts in the region .
strovink told the associated press that tracks had been found around gullberg 's body .
the aol poll received more than 600,000 votes and ran from oct 29-nov 13 .
the republican veteran of six house terms was released from the halfway house friday .
" it was given in the spirit of concerned advice , " said zhou .
do you have any ideas for strategies to avoid wasting time on trivial decisions ?
the " remember me " function is not an option , he says firmly .
this is necessary because grass and other ground cover is low in nutritional value .
all about us , the road was littered with body parts and plastic sandals .
" i haven 't had a discussion with mr barroso about this for years .
some of those conversations are continuing , according to people familiar with the matter .
we pick five points made in the novel and ask two experts to respond .
clinton loaned her presidential campaign $ 5 million in january , she said wednesday .
our economy has weathered every one of these challenges and still managed to grow .
if you want to get rid of one , get rid of the other .
he added : " they pressed us really hard and we cracked a bit .
two works by michael crichton were discovered after the author 's death in 2008 .
with three more wins , the red sox will visit the world series again .
michael foot is not the first in his illustrious family to be interred there .
the tomb is located on land claimed by the state-run seaports operator pelindo ii .
the campaign in afghanistan , however , has not yet reached a tipping point .
this rush of lending at the start of the year is an annual phenomenon .
gazprom 's ties to the government are already paying dividends in the domestic market .
one is a palestinian who was resident in the uae and has been detained .
why rove still has arms , legs , skin , etc is simply amazing .
to go to the full north american audience would probably be about $ 60,000 .
bo charmed the first family , the paper said , citing an unnamed source .
and he admitted murray 's achievements had made him think " if only . "
plus , you either believe in the rule of law or you don 't .
all this is happening to protect a primary schedule that 's not worth saving .
i have to agree with someone you made a comment of the top do .
yet many economists say it foreshadows a hiking of consumer rates later this year .
after a wave of popular protests , the semipalatinsk site was closed in 1991 .
sudan 's president has declared a unilateral ceasefire in the war-torn region of darfur .
sometimes their feuding can get in the way of what needs to get done .
it was unclear on saturday if that child had been returned to the couple .
he was treated in hospital for two days and has made a full recovery .
a damaged car on display as an artwork has been defended by its creators .
kansas city scored all its runs on alex gordonʼs three-run double in the fourth .
five minutes later , american armored vehicles rolled toward the mined stretch of road .
her face had become suddenly serious , as if redrawn by an invisible painter .
and , as of this week , it is seeking to declare itself bankrupt .
10 years ago blogging consisted of a few of us pushing a rock uphill .
it 's simple : 150-200 innings of excellent pitching are more valuable than 70 .
disc 2 offers previously unreleased versions of some of the artist 's classic tracks .
the quad will provide news and updates throughout the second day of the tournament .
nesting sites include tate modern , the battersea power station and the millennium dome .
european shares were down 2.2 percent and japanese equities lost more than 3 percent .
the shooting happened in the 1700 block of columbia road nw shortly after midnight .
biden is proving to be a hands-on no. 2 to president-elect barack obama .
mr miller was remanded into custody and will go on trial on 16 february .
thirty-two people on a lorry shuttle service were led to safety after the fire .
today the agency is expanding again , approving loans to a string of countries .
velasco did not say when the attack on uribe was to have taken place .
but , upon re-reading , i can see how you could make that assumption .
at the cannes film festival , however , the metaphor often works in reverse .
cristina warthen 's sentencing was postponed monday , the san jose mercury news reported .
indeed , shrimps don 't necessarily live with the same goby throughout their lives .
they managed to attach a line and tow the stricken boat back to harbour .
a textbook example : do you choose death by fire or death by hanging ?
police suspect the attacker also harassed her with nuisance phone calls three years earlier .
analysts say that the launch will have an immediate impact on pc unit growth .
the city council later approved a nonbinding resolution asking the mayor to step down .
in uruguay , nacional finished with eight players in its 4-2 loss to peñarol .
or he will have little option but to enter the transfer market next month .
borthwick , an england under-19 international , has yet to make his first-class debut .
11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , and a mass at yankee stadium on sunday .
the building is expected to be knocked down at the end of the month .
" his son is never going to be held by his dad ever again .
they also blew up fazlullahʼs house and that of a spokesman for his group .
meanwhile , damage from the fire cut out electricity to parts of the city .
mr eide was giving his first interview since ending his two-year mission this month .
susan boyle is a rare woman ; strong beyond measure ; talented beyond words .
museums and collectors have invested in his unique products for a very pretty penny .
" when we began the project the cost per user was around $ 2,000 .
but osi stock traded above $ 50 before the stock market drop of 2008 .
this guy could eat most any plant it wanted to , " gates said .
andersen was handed a one-year jail sentence , which was suspended for two years .
hulu said tuesday that the shows will go off the site after march 9 .
they were not expected to be deployed immediately in the capital 's historic center .
economy minister kaoru yosano will assume nakagawa 's duties , the prime minister said .
he didn 't say how our submarines will be protected in that two-year gap .
pant dismissed concerns that the effort would transform nepal into a sex tourism destination .
an unplanned pregnancy leads to a hasty marriage and then a move to spain .
instead , such divisions are very unhelpful " said a western ambassador in islamabad .
moreover , the exam papers themselves prepare our kids for a lifetime of form-filling .
at the overall market level , momentum effects help to explain why bubbles develop .
none of those relatives were tested for flu at the time of their illness .
manyika has been accused of orchestrating the burning-down of four opposition members ' houses .
but critics argue the industry is already looking for ways to make more money .
it was the fourth attack of the month against troops that killed four people .
on wednesday the president will unveil a $ 50-billion plan to help stem foreclosures .
he looks composed and in control , even when not that much is happening .
a total 196 seats have already been allocated , with the maoists taking 112 .
experimentation can get you so far , but experience is what is needed today .
this country has been sold down the river by cookie cutter politicians since 1964 .
his girlfriend had broken up with him and he fell into a deep depression .
life is starting to get more than a little uncomfortable for mourinho in italy .
the spaniard has finally signed a three-year contract following his protracted move from swansea .
press inquiries regarding logistics should be directed to the senate judiciary committee at 202-224-5225 .
britain responded by announcing plans to cut greenhouse gases by a third by 2020 .
the outlook for the uk economy this year is also serious but not unprecedented .
the dollar strengthened against the euro on paulson 's comments , sending oil lower .
he leaves only a shimmering latticework that supports the voices without weighing them down .
another of the government 's aims is to bring this percentage down to 11 .
in labour 's first term tony blair declared that he was a daring radical .
his aggressive , offensive-minded style and knockout power made him a hit with fans .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.35 gmt on tuesday 2 february 2010 .
neatening the edges and weeding the furrow now will improve your garden no end .
a few delegates held placards or donned t-shirts with messages about public sector pay .
the north west is the biggest region to lose its analogue signal so far .
" we understand this is a serious situation , but we fear extreme cuts .
i 'm making sure people know there 's no connection between money and happiness .
the town 's only water source ; a sad reminder of days gone by .
construction of single-family homes also seemed to stabilize , based on march commerce statistics .
prime minister brian cowen gets out the ' vote yes ' message in tullamore .
how the hell are you going to give healthcare to everyone without raising taxes ?
" i really don 't know how good she is , " borel said .
eventually all internet content will be available via browsers on television , he believes .
the acquisition comes after a period of unparalleled turmoil for the investment banking industry .
it is shameful that anyone in this country could tell that story to me .
in 1991 , the first u.n. peacekeeping forces were deployed along the kuwait-iraq border .
" they haven 't told me why they are apologising , " he said .
besides electronics , it has interests in shipbuilding , construction , insurance and leisure .
she testified as part of a plea deal that could help reduce her sentence .
she was not even known to his other offspring and her mother remains unidentified .
finally , finish off the 3-day workout routine with 30 minutes of cardiovascular exercise .
on friday both candidates will spar on foreign policy in the first presidential debate .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.12 gmt on friday 11 december 2009 .
ever wonder how wal-mart is able to offer prescription drugs for such low prices ?
there 's such pressure over christmas as they see it as such a milestone .
visitors ' questions about hanford belie the quirkiness of touring a nuclear waste site .
the victim claimed she was sexually assaulted on wednesday night in the islington area .
" if you have the support of america and britain you will be president .
the grandmother of dog attack victim ellie lawrenson has been acquitted of her manslaughter .
the grogginess that results from an unrefreshing siesta is termed " sleep inertia . "
tipsarevic pounded out nine aces and lost only 12 points over 10 service games .
gulbis claimed a 6-4 , 6-4 victory over sergiy stakhovsky behind three service breaks .
american luger christian niccum crashed during a world cup event in whistler last year .
earlier , u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon accused israel of using " excessive force . "
for the labor market to balance , some say claims should reach around 350,000 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 00.00 gmt on sunday 7 february 2010 .
haslauer said the park surrounding the villa also will be open to the public .
but there are some conditions in the united states that don 't resemble americanism .
a change in wind direction has caused the prolonged freezing spell , it said .
but , at least , they deserve the opportunity to make a healthy choice .
when he awoke , he was untied , and he rubbed his wrists groggily .
one possible scenario will have the stylist in her studio pulling dresses for clients .
the other research group was led by alan kaufman of the university of maryland .
i have always enjoyed shwayze movie " the road house " time after time .
construction profitability and watered down design are the only resonant facts of this matter .
when you become displeased , there may be little you can do about it .
minnesota 's legislature is scheduled to hold hearings this month on a similar moratorium .
others resent di tiro for his absence during the long bloody years of conflict .
the money was given to conservative central office and declared to the electoral commission .
count the laysan albatrosses , for example , and you reach nearly two million .
baker had three interceptions for oakland in 2008 , tying for the team lead .
he is survived by his partner , maxine howard , and their son jamie .
" we 'll wait until we get all the data , " she said .
palmer went 23-for-32 and threw for three scores to help the bengals finish 7-9 .
beijing olympic gold medallist elena dementieva beat pauline parmentier of france 6-2 , 6-1 .
" the main threat is the change of the stress condition in the soil .
time for something racier -- a dolce & gabbana basque with matching lacy shorts .
slowly , a full moon and stars give way to hues of orange sky .
among the more speculative theories is that it is linked to an imminent earthquake .
some thais are looking to the judiciary for a way out of the crisis .
mr walden on sunday denied that his client was a supporter of the ltte .
coleman didn 't suspect initially that red grouper were capable of such engineering feats .
a man has admitted stabbing to death a fellow resident at a stockton hostel .
a wire mesh stent is then placed in the narrowed artery with a catheter .
it was therapeutic , and something i 'll never forget , " he said .
initially the symptoms mimic the common cold -- upper respiratory congestion and a cough .
other perfectly survivable occurrences include violent engine shuddering , sputtering flames and engine shutdown .
on thursday , the health committee was told mephedrone could be banned within weeks .
emergency officials warned it could drive a storm surge as high as 18 feet .
he has disobeyed at a minimum of one of the " ten commandments . "
the dow jones industrial average fell more than 60 points in early trading wednesday .
a public prosecutor has asked for an investigation into prison employees ' bank accounts .
for later this week is another big day : the feast of st. valentine .
but mr. obama 's efforts to relate to everyone can get him in trouble .
the bullets pierced her right eye , chin , cheek , chest and jaw .
this compares to 21 for the same period in 2006 , cambridgeshire police said .
crunch time is approaching because the loans are due to be repaid next month .
more than 100 people have been killed since demonstrations erupted in madagascar in january .
12 , 2010 after the strongest earthquake in more than 200 years struck haiti .
michael chapman died on 16 june 2006 after an attack in sittingbourne , kent .
i still recommend binghamton to friends who are searching for colleges for their children .
the chilling website what the internet knows about you might throw up some surprises .
the soil sampling will begin on 23 november and will be completed before christmas .
the same is true for nearby merced , which is 60 miles from fresno .
the proprietor , arnold rubin , 72 , welcomed me with a knowing wink .
television is a hypnotic that dulls the ability to listen by flashing up images .
mr greenberg said that things went astray under martin sullivan , his immediate successor .
while in the building , he said , he heard too many noisy children .
ford estimated industry-wide sales were down 11 percent in the first half of 2008 .
huge crowds in rio burst into cheers , applause and singing at the news .
" but you can give gifts , " another soldier in the room said .
the external light with which lawyers and courts fill the world would be extinguished .
alcohol related 999 calls rise 11 per cent in a year , mps told .
then the police started shooting jets of water and live bullets into the air .
if you are considering buying a house right now , you are not alone .
in other cases , however , there seems to be more noise than results .
the investment in a single patient over time can easily top $ 1 million .
mr fritzl has been in custody since his arrest at the end of april .
she said he was hoping to continue his studies in the usa after graduation .
passkeys were used to access residents ' private homes when there was no emergency .
mugabe had never been willing to meet tsvangirai , let alone shake his hand .
that , i thought , could be one reason architects love working in spain .
mr. daly begins his comeback attempt by losing almost 100 pounds the surgical way .
benedict didn 't speak after the homily but chanted prayers in a tired voice .
the national side 's scrum has been at the epicentre of this grand slam .
but he insisted he was not offering to lobby ministers in return for cash .
planning to have steak , i was steered to the ( cheaper ) seafood .
chinese commentators regularly deride western involvement in africa as paternalistic exercises in aid hand-outs .
with the freezing temperatures overnight , the snow solidified and the avalanches stopped temporarily .
mr. clinton should be able to return to work on monday , he said .
the team has listed him as probable for tonight 's game at new jersey .
but there is one way of getting to see china 's leader up close .
the following books , reports and articles were valuable sources for this special report .
the findings also indicate that certain activities influence the risk reduction more than others .
george faces three counts of sexual assault on girls and one on a boy .
do you agree with me that the judges are being unfair to cutie-pie evan ?
he said he expected some of chrysler 's plants to close under the partnership .
the gauride " is a good idea , but the drivers need better training .
managing director charles cooper-driver has met with the selkirk employees to explain the situation .
the chicago tribune reported police records show the woman had been arrested for prostitution .
white bedding , walls and window dressings keep the 59 guest rooms in balance .
" guard these two , and everything will be okay , " walesa said .
peake denied there was any attempt to downplay the numbers on suicides among veterans .
but comparing the two problems is like comparing a horn section and an orchestra .
jefferson had an ankle injury and scott hurt his right shoulder in the third .
that batting order may seem a little strange , but it was no accident .
a norwegian reporter understandably wanted hiddink 's view on ovrebo being forced into hiding .
until now , zahra and mehdi ramezani have never spoken to the international media .
in aviva 's case , this has involved a particular focus on dividend policy .
" andy hall is out there selling his wares , " said one investor .
it is believed the families of the two men were still at the hotel .
" i advise everybody to stop this talk of insolvency once and for all .
he won the 1966 race , by upsetting the democratic incumbent , edmund g.
22 ) : you live in a world of intense feelings and drama today .
the englewood , colo . , company said that for the year ending nov .
they could run around and bounce on the trampoline he placed beside the house .
without alterations in consumption and saving , currency appreciation might create deflation , instead .
bristol international airport was closed overnight because of severe weather conditions and heavy snowfall .
eight , if you include the first leg carling cup semi-final loss at eastlands .
the raids often kill civilians as well as suspected insurgents , spurring citizen protests .
the study involved 23,316 women from 15 different medical centers in nine different countries .
both teams have large fan bases in nigeria , africa 's most populous nation .
the new shares will be listed on the madrid stock exchange on december 4 .
earlier , rescuers found a survival suit registered to the missing men 's vessel .
the ground-floor cafeteria is now closed and is not expected to reopen until january .
it 's the first time i 've done this , and hopefully the last .
the former fulham boss is desperate to give the coventry fans something to cheer .
i say , " go get career counseling , " and he says no .
greenblatt 's is better than all of the deli 's mentioned in this article .
a 17-year-old appeared at bournemouth magistrates ' court on tuesday charged with attempted murder .
17,000 or 21,000 more us troops will not protect americans against al qaeda attacks .
the questioning of the 66-year-old business tycoon capped the probe which began in january .
parents are not fit to make the decission and the kid is too young .
the 36-year-old from stockton had won gold in the points race on day one .
entries will be judged on composition , entertainment , liveliness , descriptiveness and originality .
the official said keita had been asked to provide documents to explain the result .
he was assigned to the 11th battalion , 104th division , boise , idaho .
in fact , he says , it has offered more opportunity than he expected .
wooden , 97 , was taken to the hospital friday morning after the accident .
( ap ) warning : the following story contains explicit language about millipede sex .
it was the last time they will be allowed to gather at the basilica .
tyler bozak and phil kessel also scored for the maple leafs ( 5-2-1 ) .
police later said they knew why he was killed , but would not elaborate .
the final was saturday night at the home depot center in carson , calif .
with wednesday 's deployment , liu said china would have 315 peacekeepers in sudan .
more than that , its performances have had clarity of conception and unfussy directness .
hastings council places huge importance on attracting up to 35,000 overseas students each year .
matt foy , pierre-marc bouchard and mark parrish scored the wild 's other goals .
kosuke fukudome doubled to lead off the sixth and scored on theriot 's single .
" spray some starter fluid on the carburetor , " my father had suggested .
next they 'll be giving money to the police not to hit innocent people .
it contained none of the tax increases or medicare cuts that democrats rely on .
insurance premiums and other considerations grew nearly 7 percent , despite these challenging conditions .
the stock has traded in a 52-week range of $ 9.09 to $ 32.35 .
no one is now denying that this has placed strains on our public services .
almost everything you want to throw at it , on disc or via usb .
before he was greeting bar patrons , michael gross was a successful mortgage broker .
member elizabeth haney said : " it was only meant to be a joke .
the state 's famous citrus groves bear witness to the extent of the chill .
builders throughout the area are facing rising construction costs and a slowdown in demand .
we realised he wouldn 't align himself with something that didn 't have legs .
in response , most new yorkers accelerate ; they don 't pause to contemplate .
the 2008 walk finishes in durham , where he ended his professional cricket career .
his new research , he said , uncovered the second half of the story .
red sox gm theo epstein and co. were not willing to meet that demand .
motor manufacturers are offering a range of tempting deals until the end of june .
who knows how many other innocent lives these weapons have claimed across the uk .
like dr. kass ' obviously religious beliefs , davies ' op-ed was a joke .
probably , the best known and most visited of the three capitals is istanbul .
the male and female pupil awards in 2009 were particularly strong in all categories .
the other companies did not immediately provide details about the status of their applications .
they billed it as a vision for change he would work toward if elected .
modern day rome is the size you can drive across in the same time .
others may see it as proof that this person is probably a bit annoying .
" we added and added more material -- carsten 's remixes , studio recordings .
to make it happen , we must all let go of partisan special pleading .
i don 't give up something just cos they say to give it up .
the medaptus approach utilizes real-time alerts to prompt clinician-users to document required data elements .
rodríguez , from the dominican republic , missed spring training because of visa problems .
one more thing that 's different this time : the first part was terrible .
mr clegg spent two days visiting british troops and holding talks with afghan leaders .
these topics will be front and center when firms start raising their next fund .
still , this increased visibility has not improved sotomayor 's overall net favorable rating .
clemens , the country quarterback from burns , proved to be the better surfer .
woman beats the crap out of husband but swears she didn 't kill him .
a 61-year-old man who was seriously injured in a crash in essex has died .
this caused lightning to strike and those guys to fall in love with her .
agency officers searched a house in newry on wednesday morning and questioned those inside .
today each crop is still cultivated in private gardens tended in the traditional way .
it 's not she cribbed the current unemployment rate or number of jobs lost .
real change means more than just tinkering around the edges of our political system .
scientology was founded in 1954 by the late science fiction writer l. ron hubbard .
his flourish did not last long though as he became kulasekara 's third victim .
as days have gone by , they 've gotten more sophisticated--and dangerous .
both firms are hoping to carve out bigger slices of the market for smart-phones .
in january , djokovic won the australian open for his first grand slam title .
but that , as they say , is but the tip of the turnip .
i actually think it 's time to pull the plug on mangini and tannenbaum .
oh , and on the fifth floor , there 's a splendid rooftop restaurant .
these two cases highlight how beijing might deal with green dam in the future .
the smoke was reported to be visible as far away as parts of madrid .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.30 gmt on friday 27 november 2009 .
bridges : the folks you get to be playing with is a big plus .
a point , but shearer will need much more to keep this club afloat .
so no matter who needs help , there are others who would prevent it .
its struggle against insolvency is a cautionary tale in the era of credit derivatives .
and , assuming bids materialise , good news for under-deployed m & a bankers .
societe librarian anna baghiani said it was very rare to find such a document .
he said he is only seeking to promote religious values , peace and harmony .
learn it , live it , or get the hell out of my country .
brownlee finished with 15 points for the red storm , who forced 13 turnovers .
unsurprisingly , relations between the state department and the white house are not smooth .
they are in it to make money for sure but we suffer the consequences .
yet successful companies realize that maintaining competitive advantage depends heavily on sustaining process innovations .
he had a private insurance policy before his injury , that lasted until recently .
if not , though , greece is indeed looking at a substantial cliff risk .
claudio vargas ( 1-0 ) got the win with a scoreless inning of relief .
andrew bogut registered his 27th double-double this season with 17 points and 15 rebounds .
state highway patrol lt. tony bradshaw said no one on the ground was injured .
the expectation that joey should be as successful as friends was a tremendous stress .
they 're all moonlighting as bell-boys and receptionists in the worst hotel in edinburgh .
he rarely grants interviews and did not break that rule to publicize this film .
eleven units are under threat from closure , under reorganisation plans by nhs london .
i wouldn 't call it a massacre , but to say it was unwarranted ...
a northern rock spokesman said the end of the guarantee was a positive step .
some media outlets are calling this the deadliest unrest since tiananmen square in 1989 .
but as he reached up , ramirez 's shot caromed back onto the field .
hagel serves on foreign relations and reed is on the senate armed services committee .
we remain in conversations with other players in the market , " gisby said .
jenna and johan otter pose at iceberg lake in glacier national park in september .
mancin says 90 percent of companies operated by brazilian mining giant vale reuse water .
' i 'm so honored to be standing next to you , cook . '
companies in poland are contacting poles in the uk with offers of well-paid jobs .
she hung green curtains on grimy windows and dressed the beds in spider-man sheets .
he refused to give his name and said no one was available to comment .
a 911 cell phone call from the back yard led officers to the home .
left to talk among themselves netanyahu and his aides retreated to the roosevelt room .
he had been shot three times , in the neck , chest and stomach .
officials said chen was taken to the hospital for a check-up and possible force-feeding .
the german cash registers project group has proposed legislation to make cash registers tamperproof .
still , al-lihedan , who is also a cleric , did not back down .
trust in government and legislatures continues to edge up ( see chart 4 ) .
" burnley and hull were thinking ' we were going to catch wolves ' .
also last week , standard life raised its first-half dividend by 2 per cent .
americans truly do not need a self pitying liar in charge of our country .
the monitors have been in the region for 16 years , monitoring a ceasefire .
the giants will lose , but it may not be all eli 's fault .
with arizona 's new law , we can now welcome that fatal mentality back .
western powers have also raised questions over putin 's almost unchallenged grip on power .
obviously , it 's got to be irreverent , weird , funny and different .
problems often arise because of doubts that surround almost all mining and drilling projects .
both came down , but the barn board was planed and cut into flooring .
weekend passenger flights across the taiwan strait launched in july are seen as inadequate .
but mr pindar said theywould not be deterred from taking part in future expeditions .
richardson is 36-of-72 ( 50 percent ) on 3-pointers in his last 10 games .
" the better my opponents , the better i fight , " said barnes .
thousands of people who have no health insurance choose to not have health insurance .
he had divorced his wife , johanna , before the end of the war .
police were called to the scene near bicester just after 0700 gmt on monday .
daniel , however , did eventually make it , which was a terrible relief .
and these effects could accumulate to cause lasting damage , according to the researcher .
but it might have been the nfl 's first penalty lap to draw cheers .
visit at 17-39 gibbins road , stratford e15 or call 020 8534 9000. www.citybeds.co.uk.
but in the same year , the founder and her architect ran into trouble .
and abu dhabi 's purchase of manchester city has set off awkward family vibrations .
their recordings made them as well known in europe as in the united states .
do brasil , ecopetrol america inc , ecopetrol del peru s.a. , and hocol .
ad hoc international and ethnic boundaries have sprung up across the town of calais .
a senior citizen on a fixed income received $ 770 for much-needed dental work .
the scenes inside the emergency ward of lady reading were both horrific and heart-rending .
she added that many other countries would be affected but to a lesser extent .
those moves cost sallie $ 179 million in interest income , the company said .
mpshe concluded that the prosecution was fatally tainted and charges against zuma were withdrawn .
clearly in good form , he should be in the shake-up again this time .
" sparhusen " was also co-created by and co-stars rob mailhouse and todd spahr .
in 2008 , the average was $ 112,000 , according to dinapoli 's office .
he pleaded guilty and was given a conditional discharge and one year 's probation .
it was the third time he was sentenced to death in the samsoe case .
the british strikes were carried out late thursday night , according to mr. ford .
this quote has been used for the past 15 years , " he said .
on my main computer i use firefox due to its feature set and stability .
the land had previously been a grass landing strip owned by gianaclis ' parents .
pending regulatory clearance , the deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter .
i crouched beside an outstretched arm and saw something had fallen from his grip .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 02.01 gmt on thursday 11 february 2010 .
i thought i had finished three times or so but then we go again .
junior r. liriano , 39 , died after the 12 : 40 a.m. shooting .
but at that stage , we still did not know the half of it .
bradshaw smiled sheepishly at his locker when all this was presented to him wednesday .
the horror of that experience puts my worst days as a lawyer into perspective .
new york 's county leaders attacked spitzer 's budget at their conference in albany .
but odinga is insisting that new elections are the only way to restore peace .
its four episodes averaged just 5.9 million viewers , according to nielsen media research .
the saint luke 's mid america heart institute established its research section in 1980 .
the kitchen has french country-style white cabinets , granite counters and stainless steel appliances .
as jayden follows the trail of blood , more traces appear on his hud .
tens of thousands of shia pilgrims are expected to flock to karbala this weekend .
the poky interview room at the national came perfectly equipped - with a couch .
stuart clyde , depute head teacher at alva academy , is leading the initiative .
cole apparently affirmed those sentiments and called boehner a strong ally of the committee .
preheat the oven to 150 ° c / 300 ° f / gas 2 .
but much of what i saw centered on views about the state of medicine .
it was jolly good fun and a heck of a run while it lasted .
now , about 800 brokers pay the annual $ 50,000 fee for a license .
republican presidential candidate , sen. john mccain and democratic presidential candidate sen. barack obama .
their supreme act of condemnation : giving the regime no chance to do good .
after the initial shock , matt and tracy began to understand the full implications .
jesus would be sad to see how we are treating our brothers and sisters .
there 's a little blood , a little swordplay and a lot of injustice .
all we can hope for is that it works at some reasonably high level .
the newly-added ' queue ' feature helps users manage what they will watch next .
but late on thursday citi said it had ended the talks with no agreement .
bahrain , which is close to the saudis , sent a deputy prime minister .
" i have no idea if i want to get married , she said .
( moneywatch.com ) this story by alice garbarini hurley originally appeared on cbs moneywatch.com.
public bodies , mr cameron suggests , should make themselves accessible to all comers .
ms. lynch held the job from 1999 to 2001 , during the clinton administration .
not true , say the banks that have turned down the government 's money .
they say that most graduates recoup the cost of the tuition within four months .
the hot subject on the minds of the co-hosts at " the view " ?
" i hope you can do something about home foreclosures , " he said .
recent research also has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of parkinson 's disease .
on the horizon is mr. bush 's role in the republican convention in september .
wachovia 's takeover marks a dramatic shift in the outlook for citigroup 's future .
savu abuculesei , 31 , from tottenham , pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing .
" we want to let developers innovate and make money , " he said .
another neighbor , a retired big rig trucker , began patrolling in his pickup .
a full comeback , however , will require more than a basket of muffins .
when i played , i didn 't expect the tent to be so busy .
from reading comments , it seems each person has an individual path to relief .
however , the collapse in uk car sales tells only part of the story .
hong kong property prices peaked in 1997 , just before the asian financial crisis .
but wedlock is far from being a panacea , as many unhappy marriages show .
she has her bike on the train , and her backpack on her knees .
" we have been overwhelmed by the passion for vegemite and the new product .
after his arrest , graham admitted committing several other robberies in the same neighborhood .
london agreed to a five-year contract that pays him $ 1.7 million a year .
the figure greatly exceeds the $ 163 billion in red ink registered last year .
in 1954 he joined harrods for a trial period in the christmas cracker department .
not during her bid to be houston 's next mayor nor in previous campaigns .
the collapsed trial highlights how difficult prosecutions over alleged corruption in sport can be .
previous estimates were that 5 to 7 percent of healthy older people had microbleeds .
mobile services are also available outside of spa capitals like los angeles or manhattan .
validated parking is available at the pmi garage located at 1325 g street nw .
a spokeswoman from myspace said the company would be active in discussions about privacy .
if powell doesn 't win there , look for his name on another ballot .
i was young , so i knew very little of her before she died .
also , they have serious , documented health problems and a shortened life span .
the study participants were also required to complete the driving test under time pressure .
messages plotted on ushahidi 's map of chile already include : " send help .
all 15 defendants in the case said they were innocent during the four-month trial .
the size of the insurgents ' explosives has dramatically increased , according to flynn .
live events in china have been government-controlled since the communists took power in 1949 .
boeing spokeswoman deborah bosick said the company is referring all questions to the dhs .
wayne chism led tennessee with 23 points , helping them dominate on the inside .
the contest appears to pit not only two companies but two approaches to business .
fine speeches are crafted by fine speech writers , let 's not forget that !
the player will undergo further examination today to clarify the seriousness of the injury .
they didn 't have much to cheer the rest of the way , either .
in private , the manager would deny his squad access to such convenient excuses .
twenty-seven people are on trial in a case that has raised concerns about anti-semitism .
" some say the english language is the world 's most successful virus . "
she scoured her memory for the old family stories her mother used to tell .
to lose weight , both kinds of eaters must change their behavior and habits .
you will explode , " according to a video released tuesday by the pentagon .
that was up from $ 11.2 billion at the end of the second quarter .
" the voluntary market is too small and not making a big enough impact .
tempers flared last week over the district 's handling of a two-year-old racial-harassment complaint .
since then , many ukrainians have become turned off by seemingly endless political bickering .
et to discuss how politicians ' health-care proposals are affecting debate on the issue .
she said : " mr mcqueen was found dead this morning at his home .
the cast was largely local , with 10 personnel brought in from the uk .
what one or two changes would make the biggest difference to bringing that about ?
britain aims to cut co2 emissions by 80 percent from 1990 levels by 2050 .
however , a jolie representive told people that the actress has not given birth .
cision 's premium media profiles target the influencers and outlets that cover specific industries .
and the bruins would be well below the .500 mark and in big trouble .
sgt ross had recently given a talk in the school about his military experiences .
but his flight from chicago to london was canceled tuesday because of bad weather .
an irish language act was rejected by the former dup culture minister edwin poots .
twain uses the word " nigger " 219 times in " huck finn . "
eritrea 's government has long been suspicious of the international community and its aid .
of course , this man of many words already has thought up a slogan .
iain mcsporran , prosecuting , said miss kane 's family were " devastated . "
â additionally , the outdoor tvs can be submerged while continuing to operate reliably .
the development of the new technique is reported in the journal physical review letters .
he is an " icon " and just stepped onto the worldstage via idol .
1 , 2006 , came in with a runner on first and one out .
" we have agreed to reimburse the school as compensation for any distress caused .
the anthracnose fungus appears as raised spots with red margins on leaves and flowers .
a sort of levantine equivalent of russell grant , jonathan cainer and mystic meg .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.45 bst on thursday 28 october 2010 .
washington is an inherently more partisan place than most any other place in america .
barry wild , who lives nearby , believes the turbines will ruin the area .
profits at the banking division rose from £ 45.5 million to £ 46.2 million .
the centre 's survey shows that 63 percent clearly prefer integration with the west .
footballers have had many motives when pulling up their tops to reveal hidden t-shirts .
running the numbers looks at contemporary american culture through the austere lens of statistics .
ryanair said it hoped to resume flights from rome 's second largest airport today .
bala listens as a court convicts him of directing the killing of dariusz janiszewski .
he didn 't return to jerez for weeks , leading even supporters to grumble .
the battery range is too limited , and recharging can take a long time .
the win was the first on the road for the ducks this season . ...
this is an issue of free speech , " wheeler told foxnews.com on tuesday .
south african newspapers also said friday the pact provided for a 50-50 unity government .
but 60 per cent of us are already eating more calories than we need .
illegal ivory , weapons and animal skins seized in kenya during monday 's raids .
for example seals entangled in fishing nets and leatherback turtles which have swallowed plastic .
white house officials said the rules were not meant to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
emily zubiria used a guitar to collect autographs of some of her favorite performers .
she noted another candidate , sen. peter shumlin , runs a student travel company .
the man , who never revealed his name , came straight to the point .
blew on the gravy to cool it , then let him lick a taste .
he did not want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation .
australia spent hundreds of thousands of dollars reclaiming two of its citizens from guantanamo .
however , rather than being entirely exonerated she was instead given a one-year caution .
the a through d models are used in the united states for air-defense missions .
after all , their work demands they think of the worst-case scenario every time .
the case spurred fears that westerners are traveling to pakistan to join militant groups .
mr obama asked the ex-south dakota senator to be health and human services secretary .
in the history of man there have always been thieves , " he said .
boente also said he was worried that classified information would be disclosed at trial .
president obama assured me that us will not change its approach in this matter .
at independent schools , the discussion will include fees to hold open a place .
in wednesday 's clashes , thousands of police crushed hundreds of mousavi 's supporters .
the right-hander hasn 't said whether he will pitch in the majors in 2008 .
" i think it will take a little share across the board in general .
it was the early 1980s , and she made about $ 30,000 a year .
reid plans to remain majority leader and continue his reelection bid , summers said .
in all cases family members are being burdened with unrealistic expectations from another generation .
the delegates at the un sponsored climate change conference were taking a day off .
some will be assigned to aerotrain stations to help passengers with the new system .
second , latvia could devalue and re-peg against the euro at a lower rate .
others said they were dubious of a connection to osama bin laden 's organization .
some schools falling below 30 % may already be on the path towards improvement .
and the answer is , as far as i can tell , by accident .
civil defense officials said 60 firefighters were working at the site to remove victims .
town criers have been proclaiming news around london 's marketplaces since the 13th century .
specifically : do you get along , in most cases , without much effort ?
( http : / / www.idrive.com / idrive-for-mac.htm ) is now out of beta .
some d.c. private schools send three or four kids a year to harvard university .
the mars reconnaissance orbiter was launched in 2005 and entered martian orbit in 2006 .
" we 've got a lot of work to do , " huizenga said .
and likability shouldn 't be underestimated , in a leader or in a play .
their families suffered during the famine and the hundreds of years of english rule .
he played in 11 pro bowls and was a first-team all-pro selection nine times .
a spokeswoman for the chancellor said the lib dem criticisms were " untrue . "
tennessee fell four spots to no. 9 , its lowest ranking since jan .
the explosion left a large crater in the street in front of the embassy .
the bush administration has conceded that none of the uighurs is an enemy combatant .
the search continued monday for the man who fled the scene , police said .
nearly a quarter of obama voters said the government is already doing too much .
iraqis suffer from a fuel crisis largely associated with a lack of refining capacity .
actually , i was going to thank mark for using volume and not weight .
the teachers ' union had already contributed $ 250,000 to the campaign this summer .
chew now believes that autism treatments and so-called cures are a waste of time .
the performance : this will be a work in progress for a long time .
his favorability ratings were at 53 percent compared with unfavorable ratings of 18 percent .
the tenant who lives below me smokes and the smoke comes into my apartment .
" this is one of the strongest teams the united states have ever had .
it was valentine 's day , and the place was jammed with celebrating couples .
jacksonville jaguars quarterbacks coach mike shula said he was impressed by stafford 's throws .
but there are 115 independent muslim schools , where families have to pay fees .
another option would be for congress to turn the companies into a government-regulated utility .
when they scented evidence of human remains , mr. ruez got out his shovel .
before you go , check the weather forecast and the exchange rate at budgettravel.com.
the collapse of setanta would leave british sport with a £ 500 million-plus headache .
they also spent two to three hours a day maintaining and repairing the raft .
traffic signals and direction signs became museum pieces , fragments of a dead language .
for some , kenya is increasingly becoming the venue of choice for trying suspects .
geez hillary , are you running for president or head of the cheerleading squad ?
anything else could have lasting consequences for the future of militancy in the region .
a spokesman for the indian space research organisation ( isro ) welcomed the news .
dwp workers have already taken strike action this year in protest at job cuts .
where there clearly is evidence of falling food prices is in international commodity markets .
their ashes are buried at the church where the memorial was held on saturday .
manley gets on his haunches to examine a putt during his second round 68 .
ministers say progress has been made , but agree there is more to do .
quick play-the-ball - good to see - and the kiwis are penalised for off-side .
these sites were largely static , with the interaction mostly reduced to order forms .
but the american composer is also a man who likes to make you cry .
the organization was set to announce the endorsement of its political action committee wednesday .
what people don 't seem to realize is that the economy is a mess .
the index forecasts activity by measuring consumer expectations , building permits and other data .
it says that the true extent of the forcible movement of people remains unknown .
one of the most intimate forms of loving , it 's far from unsexy .
i expect that students enrolling for univ should have a working knowledge of english .
journalist and dennis , the publicist , drink and chat and pass the time .
these fundamentals will improve as more and more of the world emerges from recession .
brady and bundchen were married in february in los angeles in a small ceremony .
the 23-year-old 's win tempered the disappointment of missing out on an olympic berth .
ramkissoon was calm throughout her testimony , speaking in a clear and even voice .
( cnn ) -- sidney frank made millions marketing jagermeister and other alcohol brands .
in 2008 's " i am omega " l.a. goes ka-boom in the finale .
however , some experts believe the disease affects almost 100,000 people in various forms .
do anything from learning a foreign language to taking a different route to work .
" you have to take it on a company-by-company basis , " helmar said .
the jackson county jail did not immediately return a message to the associated press .
j : time things right with your alcohol intake and you just pass out .
they were 5-6 last season and mcnabb was out with a torn knee ligament .
the " lyrical terrorist " has attracted attention mainly because of her bloodthirsty poetry .
some 99 percent of the 500,000 annual deaths during childbirth happen in developing nations .
various objects were spotted scattered in a circular area covering a 5 kilometer radius .
" i was appalled by what i had to do , " she said .
but he refused to get carried away and remained focused on friday 's semi-final .
and it 's not as if the whale was harpooned in santa monica bay .
plain white dinnerware can always be integrated with any other design you may have .
he is hoping they can find the key during their short stint in portugal .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.17 gmt on sunday 15 november 2009 .
the dead girl , from the paris suburb of levallois-perret , died in hospital .
after police arrived , 10 people were arrested and six were charged with assault .
more immediately , a £ 460m debt facility matures in less than a year .
gold eased , extending the previous day 's fall of almost 2 per cent .
12 ( upi ) -- u.s. drilling activity has declined by eight rotary rigs .
clearly these psychological energies are as powerful now as they were in the 90s .
but when the full international side toured the balkans in 1960 he was unused .
and at age 60 , he still wasn 't done fighting for his country .
both palau and u.s. officials have previously said that the transfer was not guaranteed .
newcastle 's fans will fear the same may soon be said of their season .
give rewards to those states who do it and penalize those who don 't .
forget the waltons , the johns are the real mccoy : one happy family .
" i believe in kerry and he has a good understanding of the game .
but violence is embedded in the institutions of our market economy and our state .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.00 bst on friday 16 october 2009 .
i 'm really not a good saver , so i should really try harder .
mccain opposes creating a fund , saying it shouldn 't be a federal responsibility .
the extent of any injuries to any of the other racers wasn 't known .
given consumers ' long-term inflation expectations , a zero , inflation-adjusted gain was expected .
the money sitting on balance sheets could then be used for real economic investment .
the bbc accompanied him on the final leg of his tour to western afghanistan .
north , whose honors all seemed to be working , competed with five spades .
the kids have to buy insurance , and they constantly loose and replace parts .
central jakarta mayor sylviana murni said the statue was intended to inspire indonesian children .
the washington post said wednesday there was no indication when the court would rule .
after his capture , abdulmutallab spoke freely and provided valuable intelligence , officials said .
they are the cosseted darlings of formal gardens ; they grow wild in hedgerows .
she was under pressure , she made something up to get out of it .
it appeared another ineffective outing from the bullpen would cost philadelphia an important game .
we will think of this forevermore as his let them not eat cake moment .
but gordon brown says the economy is " on the road to recovery . "
the study concluded that folks who turned off the tube reported having richer lives .
these are created when mortgages are packaged together and sold to investors as bonds .
once entered in the sex offender registry , a person typically stays for life .
critics say he has failed to address social and economic inequalities left by apartheid .
mali 's own plan faces two main problems , one domestic and one foreign .
the china dairy industry association 's chairman could not be reached for comment thursday .
the local government had also warned bhutto could be targeted by taliban or al-qaida .
fox mobile entertainment announced its fox entertainment mobile network as a mobile web portal .
the government has denied repeated claims it is denying food aid to opposition areas .
a pmoi spokesman said residents were terrified of being handed over to iranian authorities .
in the czech republic , almost 60 per cent say they have no religion .
local authorities are bracing themselves for compensation claims and huge bills for fixing roads .
there will be a givenchy spa , dog walking service and davidoff cigar lounge .
for me , i was down to yams and a guy on a billboard .
now those same advisers are under fire , and having a lot less fun .
so i went back to joe and thought , it 's not so bad .
choice has always been the one saving grace of the uk financial services sector .
dodd , clinton and edwards have each received endorsements from other unions this year .
deutsche bank is said to have used private detectives to look at the matter .
the beagleys are members of the followers of christ church , which avoids doctors .
she will be sentenced by circuit court judge durke g. thompson on july 10 .
gen colin powell would be the best choice as sen. obama 's running mate .
anon via text : " what about the premier league 's top three sam ?
most governments check executive excesses through sister branches -- the legislature , the judiciary .
an appointment was set up , colwell said , but lisa montgomery canceled it .
and he warned that it could cause credit and mortgage markets to dry up .
but in fact , the growth rate is already negative , " he said .
the wealthy philanthropist had a march 25 meeting with obama in the oval office .
they calculate the military has enough money to continue operations through april or may .
casey anthony 's mother , cindy anthony , insists that the toddler is alive .
sullivan says the shooter was found dead -- apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
it was totally unacceptable and we got what we deserved , which was nothing .
i have flown millions of miles on hundreds of flights for over 35 years .
it 's the ' wolf at the door " ' argument , davis said .
over 150 people are signing up for the service every day , he said .
if he is attacked on a football matter , he wants to defend himself .
it 's sporty , it 's fast and it has that classic jaguar ride .
whether the broader public is benefiting from the industry 's success is less clear .
baucus has run 50-mile " ultramarathons " and wants to complete a 100-mile race .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.14 gmt on thursday 13 january 2011 .
the white house said the 2009 deficit would be 3.3 percent of the economy .
publicist nicole perna said wednesday the 28-year-old actress checked herself into cedars-sinai medical center .
his second nominee for commerce secretary said , on second thought , no thanks .
the rest of the year , you might only earn the basic 1 percent .
tough financial times almost drove correspondent jim moret over the side of a cliff .
security around the embassy and other official buildings have been upgraded in recent months .
analysts surveyed by dow jones newswires had expected the index to rise to 85.0 .
furyk was on the united states team that won the presidents cup last week .
by the end of 2007 , imf lending had shrunk to $ 16 billion .
it has not said how much it is paying for the 50 % stake .
public sector employees who volunteer in developing countries will continue to receive pension contributions .
" i like to meet people from all over the world , exchange ideas .
so traumatised was mr bitti that he has not since attended an away game .
uc has agreements for transfer of credits with community colleges which meet their standards .
each is a superstar , and hughes has the qualities to become one too .
the police officer said the al-qaida captives would not be transferred to iraqi police .
71 of those killed have been identified , including 13 children and 27 women .
lonmin said the mine was small , producing about 100 platinum ounces a day .
that 's because in both countries , 14 february is all about the man .
there was no indication as to which technologies or devices nokia has allegedly infringed .
" questions on my future can get a bit boring , " said jones .
fey wouldn 't identify the woman and said no charges would be filed wednesday .
yet if they spoke out , they would realise that they are not alone .
according to gates , many u.s. competitors hire the qualified professionals we turn away .
cubed bread or boiled potatoes or steamed asparagus , for serving ( optional ) .
so on the organization , kind of ground game side , we 're strong .
analysts on average had expected 34 cents a share , according to reuters estimates .
the growing confrontation between google and microsoft promises to be an epic business battle .
he also had bruising to his arms and legs and his face was blistered .
those that wanted to protect the gorillas knew they had to preserve the forest .
besides harris , the packers also are expected to be without bigby on sunday .
however , for all republicans stand to gain , the party still has problems .
they have the deeds to prove it , right from the first royal grant .
the critics also picked " hurt locker " director kathryn bigelow as best director .
northumberland county council gave the green light after overwhelming public support for the proposals .
he died a year later in 1998 and was buried in full priestly vestments .
that news came just hours after the deaths of another two soldiers were announced .
the power to disconnect illegal file-sharers has been included in the digital economy bill .
he conveys the hero 's intellectual dilemmas and footling fancies with an infectious directness .
the falling rocks is made up of serving and ex-serving members of the raf .
in florida , lawmakers faced a similar challenge as they wrote their yearly budget .
proposals must be submitted by april 19 , with the flights occurring in september .
losing the best closing pitcher will be the biggest blow to the yanks ballpin ..
it goes without saying that this is a naïve , utopian point of view .
i chatted with steve martin on the phone who gave me some great tips .
morrell - remember the name - scored blackpool 's equaliser in a lancashire derby .
" there 's a very precise pitch on this product , " he says .
a previous marriage , to yolande amic , an art historian , was dissolved .
it was that when idicted by a grand jury , billy lied about it .
quinn gray and her alleged lover , jasmin osmanovic , are charged with extortion .
this latest posturing is nothing more than a pr ploy , " nbc said .
those involved in the scheme can share information on anti-social behaviour and alcohol-related crime .
live pictures soon showed him in the atlantic , swimming around beside his parachute .
michael sheen has revealed the unique pressures of playing fiery football coach brian clough .
officers searched the premises and discovered drugs , including a large amount of heroin .
this is the first presidential election to move at the speed of the internet .
" part of it is : what are you going to go back to ?
it is not of much comfort that he is rumoured to be living abroad .
going into tuesday 's election , democrats controlled the house 235-199 with one vacancy .
detroit lost in regulation for just the third time this season ( 14-3-4 ) .
the taiwanese president-elect ma has long been cultivated in the kmt since early 1970s .
the reproduced sound , if not rich and deep , is clear and lively .
most of the 43 acts in friday night 's lineup were buzzworthy indie artists .
grades have long been a source of controversy in school systems across the country .
besides , things can all change in just one night , can 't they ?
washington outshot the devils 15-6 in the first period and 13-4 in the second .
paramedics could not save the 32-year-old , who was pronounced dead at the scene .
this strategy is already well in train , as reported by the ft recently .
he has gone 7-0 with a 2.73 e.r.a. in his past nine starts .
since the fighting , french warplanes have been flying daily reconnaissance missions over chad .
over 55 million households across north america know and trust the aaron 's name .
the police didn 't care much about protecting the incomes of ordinary working people .
2009 is the third time since 2005 that voicecon has received this prestigious award .
this season , they may have unearthed another magical spinner to fill his boots .
polanco followed with a two-run single to right-center to put the phillies ahead 5-4 .
the document says abusive power structures should be tackled as a matter of urgency .
" it is intrinsically unfair and abusive to american citizens , " gheen said .
but in future mr cameron may listen more carefully to the voices of caution .
in all , they stranded 12 runners , 6 of them in scoring position .
the men were convicted wednesday and had faced up to 14 years in prison .
due in part to them helping the anthony 's facilitate more of their lies .
their last victory over the avalanche was a 5-2 win in calgary on feb .
you take on too many responsibilities , are too ready to take the blame .
1,000 places to see before you die by patricia schultz ( £ 12.99 ) .
independent book publishers routinely factor the spectre of libel into decisions about publishing manuscripts .
it also allegedly maintained a " cash desk " at a factory in stuttgart .
even in her movements , ms. upshaw was as compelling as her dancer partner .
on monday , people in gaza blamed both hamas and israel for their situation .
then his name was floated as a possible running mate of senator barack obama .
on october 10 a black professor discovered a noose outside her teachers college office .
but while palin is an anti-abortion republican , clinton is an abortion-rights supporting democrat .
but they noted that it was widespread , resilient and aimed at government sites .
takeo okamoto sold his restaurant in anchorage and moved east to join the business .
another nice thing about the dma 2200 is that it includes a dvd player .
but my guess is that jackson and walsh will wind up writing and directing .
the writer is a professor of history and sociology at the university of pennsylvania .
she returned to the school thursday , just as she did wednesday and tuesday .
now , one of the plans that we talked about is a public option .
there are plenty of good games to watch on college football 's opening weekend .
wait a second , you wrote , " teacher made a bomb threat " ?
theyskens ' theory also holds an entry in the juvenile fillies on the dirt .
adrian sanchez , above , and his brother carlos came to america from guatemala .
forni suggests that workers prepare a strategy to duck debates by the water cooler .
finance and legal teams often need fixed workstations and privacy for handling confidential matters .
i do not know about you but i would rather not buy toxic anything .
rock formations have been described as giant sponges that will soak up the co2 .
it is understood that tns is expecting wpp to raise its offer within days .
his own money exchange is suffering badly because of afghanistan 's incessant political uncertainty .
tim duncan added 22 points and dejuan blair and manu ginobili had 20 apiece .
in its first 17 months , this government have laid the foundations for recovery .
gilbert said she wouldn 't recommend the trip to average tourists used to comfort .
she offered this advice to other young girls thinking of following in her handprints .
it posted a profit of $ 518.3 million and revenue of $ 3.46 billion .
legislatures split between the parties fell to 8 from 12 , with montana undecided .
mr. glass made an arrangement of the song for the opera 's first act .
the collection includes 13 presentation copies , inscribed by the author to another person .
hillary should stay on , and be the deomcratic nominne , and defeat mccain .
the government has confirmed some of them , but has not given any number .
vega said , " we stay because we have some way to live . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.04 gmt on friday 27 november 2009 .
" watch me , " he said , showing the officer the proper movements .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.19 gmt on thursday 18 february 2010 .
pfizer also inherited thousands of personal injury lawsuits over hormone replacement products from wyeth .
when he returned to libya , he was greeted with cheers and flag-waving crowds .
and the presenter continued , unabashed and untouched , with his hugely successful career .
he impressed , taking 5 for 38 , including three wickets in an over .
he was james murray from glendowan grove in the lagmore area of west belfast .
it must still be reconciled with similar legislation passed by the house of representatives .
with him in the enemy ranks , england 's task would have been harder .
many traders say the market crashed last week ; the dow losing 18 percent .
but the scheme had its critics and their voices seem to be getting louder .
a fifth man , aged 62 , from deane , was released without charge .
the outside witnesses will weigh in later , and sotomayor won 't be present .
the space station 's russian-built toilet has been acting up for the past week .
" my first reaction was i was quite angry and that she was attention-seeking .
it also said it would cut second-quarter production by 5 percent from year-ago levels .
he has stated that the party is no longer hostile to same sex couples .
it was always close , but you never thought united were going to lose .
as a result , it has the ability to guarantee full path transaction completion .
she signed a form for the money to be paid into my nationwide account .
dozens more great formula 1 cars followed -- particularly brms , vanwalls and lotuses .
they will come up with the cuts of 10 per cent -- and more .
his catching record is not great , but on this occasion the ball stuck .
" colette was abducted by force and her screams were heard by local residents .
the new stimulus job reports will continue to offer details about jobs and projects .
" jobs at quietly successful companies can be really rewarding , " adds raphael .
i always had a holiday job during the summer to keep the car going .
but it is an illusion that taxpayers can avoid pain in a guaranteed system .
the family were left with one last resort : to appeal to the public .
the second prong of a crisis-resolution strategy must aim to boost banks ' capital .
if i had to shop all over again , what would i buy today ?
a recorded female voice tells us where we are going and what to do .
obama also won a pair of big union endorsements in the past two days .
bowden told the associated press on tuesday that he wanted to coach next season .
du beke apologised and the bbc tried to draw a line under the incident .
his comments come as more than 50 people died in battles in the capital .
i don 't know anyone who is union that wants to go non union .
2.42pm : chilcot says he wants to turn to some " boring " stuff .
spring brought light-green sprouts of grass poking out of the damp , evergreen-scented ground .
the iraqi parliament has been without a speaker since mashhadani stepped down in december .
the new coalition is seen as tilted toward india and the maoists toward china .
henderson county coroner bruce farmer identified the supervisor as kevin g. taylor , 30 .
you just started filming on the sixth harry potter film , the half-blood prince .
mcilroy could earn a card automatically through winnings earned in 2009 us tour events .
i am married and my wife and i have a son of our own .
all of which is not to say the fed isn 't worried about inflation .
the self-confidence is missing and we 'll have to fight to get that back .
popular science is published by bonnier active media , a subsidiary of bonnier corporation .
both groups of fans will find much to please them in the new museum .
( a conservative estimate is about $ 140,000 for undergraduate and graduate schooling . )
if it isn 't , what is the sanction , red , or yellow ?
afshin qutbi is an iranian-american who has spent most of his life outside iran .
in overtime , graves had a layup slapped off the backboard by tyler smith .
anyone will be able to travel from tallinn to lisbon without showing a passport .
china says it is unfair to blame imports for the loss of steel jobs .
the rev chris wingfield takes the service at st peter 's church , copdock .
we put an ad in the paper and received a good number of applications .
she was catapulted into celebrity after appearing on the reality television show big brother .
molloy denied the racist claim and said the arrests were " politically motivated . "
they left in a white van which was found abandoned a short time later .
it would be depressing were a matter of such importance reduced to tactical manoeuvring .
that is partly because of the magical look of the snow-white winter world there .
the war in afghanistan continues , and the public is deeply divided over it .
january 's increase was the highest since september 1996 , according to lehman brothers .
" at least , it wasn 't as good as at finals last year .
duch has said he never personally tortured or executed anyone and has expressed remorse .
about 3,000 properties in lancashire are without electricity as heavy snowfall hits the region .
and this is the western conference , where good is not nearly good enough .
" robust policing will send out a zero tolerance message , " he said .
it is always a mental battle but he seems to be crossing that hurdle .
the positive outcome was driven by a 5.7 per cent increase in fashion sales .
the council is expected to take a final vote on the legislation next month .
but the prosecutor said the suspected gunman , rustam makhmudov , remained at large .
in the same period , it managed to catch and prosecute exactly one person .
he got his huge lead because the economic meltdown got pinned on the gop .
the party will contest the four welsh seats in the poll on 4 june .
i guess the democrats are doing something right for you to holler fire ! !
the firm had already announced that mr. mack was taking no bonus in 2009 .
the discovery of the body was made at loch bi in the gerinish area .
the government has put pressure on elite universities to take more state school pupils .
" it immediately took on a life of its own , " he said .
kelly said she didn 't yet have estimates on how many passengers were affected .
the annual trade gap had climbed to record peaks in the previous five years .
disney 's parks contribute about a third of the giant entertainment company 's revenue .
a nine-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted as she walked to school in liverpool .
haiti 's government more than doubled hanna 's death toll late thursday to 137 .
afghanistan , and the ever-rising death toll there , appears on many front pages .
that was despite a cut of 3.5 percent in production over the same period .
there is now growing acceptance and realisation that it was the other way around .
the two were dressed in identical riding gear with their hair tucked into caps .
this is the comeback that transformed formula one in the space of 24 hours .
he expected the quarter just begun to continue the return to normal seasonal conditions .
" i had no gas left in the tank , " jankovic told reporters .
in that regards , schools can be invaluable in teaching about them to students .
his water into wine ( 1985 ) described para-churches alongside the heavy institutional structures .
mr. al-mutlak is the head of the sunni-arab party , the national dialogue front .
clinton opened the session with a speech praising the possibilities for closer u.s.-indian ties .
co-founder and owner with her sister laura of the fast-rising rodarte label of pasadena .
young garrett sorenson showed a nice tenor and did a few amiable comic turns .
the spokeswoman said " an incident like this could happen at any time . "
the currency for regional trade was agreed to in an october meeting of alba .
in common with many herbs , hyssop has medicinal as well as culinary uses .
it will be done in a safe and orderly fashion , " he said .
in wales rhodri morgan acknowledged that the tide was beginning to turn against labour .
there is also evidence that the extracts have properties that could lower blood pressure .
responses from other media groups willing to go public with their comments were mixed .
the dup 's peter robinson said he would respond after speaking to his party .
miss smith was taken to hospital with the peeler impaled in her right hand .
he asked for democrats to conduct a rare roll call vote on the bill .
lawmakers authorized $ 4 billion but appropriated only $ 1 billion for the program .
braun will once again have to defend her single term in the u.s. senate .
they care deeply about their teachers and don 't understand why everyone was fired .
this helped calm recent fears that a big institution was close to being nationalised .
quickly absorbed , it seeps deep into the hair shaft to add much-needed hydration .
he went to the range , rented a revolver and fired several hundred rounds .
dang harry , it looks as if you have a following of the faithful .
ormesby hall is the only national trust property in the redcar and cleveland area .
but those fleeing the region bore tales of families wiped out by stray shells .
more than 112,000 acres had burned across northern california , with 5,600 homes threatened .
why would the aarp endorse a bill no one thinks can clear the senate ?
the south eastern education board also wants to stop new pupils joining this september .
her father , michael , described the jury 's verdict as " brilliant . "
and he is sweetening the offer with promises of big salary increases , too .
outside the courthouse , passers-by said police should have let jones die in 2004 .
the whole mixture is held together in part by many " hydrogen bonds . "
berg poached one back after 68 minutes , shooting low past hart : 3-1 .
when industrial polluters in emerging markets cut emissions , they are rewarded through kyoto .
the bso 's strings played warmly , and slatkin nicely highlighted many instrumental details .
participants were chosen at random by a computer from tens of thousands of entries .
the crash occurred on the red line between the fort totten and takoma stations .
police said the educational safety event was organised as a result of his death .
lloyds declined to comment on any further redundancies that may occur from the restructuring .
some of our finest forefathers resolved their verbal altercations through gentlemanly and regulated gunplay .
they fled to another area on base until it , too , was threatened .
and don 't leave town without trying chicago 's superb pizzas and hot dogs .
he had surgery near his left eye and later had a metal plate inserted .
he played for six major league teams and finished with a .263 batting average .
throughout the tournament , anand demonstrated superior preparation and resourcefulness compared with his competitors .
meanwhile ruffley is expressing horror that diamond hasn 't read the ft this morning .
it was well worth it to look at nature 's giant , swirling milkshake .
denise burrows to receive the phial of by george ! perfume through the post .
fda has warned americans away from online h1n1 medication and toward regulated distribution points .
each song type , researchers believe , belongs to a different population of whales .
the reverse held true for people with high empathy , who were mostly women .
should we hold you responsible , perhaps in a court , like war criminals ?
u.s. and iraqi officials have said fewer fighters are crossing into iraq from syria .
it would be £ 24 for two grammes , or £ 60 for five .
for more information please visit , http : / / www.coupa.com or call 650.931.3200 .
the result is that cheney doesn 't seem as bad as you might think .
that was in 2000 , when the yankees beat the mets in five games .
it is used for wrapping paper , " he said in a telephone interview .
associated press writers eileen sullivan and devlin barrett in washington contributed to this report .
a total of sixteen ( 16 ) targets have been identified for future exploration .
the daily record said the alleged robber is being held on $ 25,000 bail .
nearly a quarter of the electorate signed an internet petition against the icesave deal .
" when they speak out , they are never convincing , " he said .
the living native " gaelic " language will be a curiosity in 30 years .
deere shares gained 6.7 percent to sell for $ 57.40 in premarket trading wednesday .
the time has come to make a stand and to do the right thing .
the gene encodes a protein found mainly on the surface of red blood cells .
" i am the only one they can rely on , " he says .
bmw to recall 150,000 vehicles in u.s. would americans turn french or work longer ?
he doesn 't need anything josh is offering , so where 's the tension ?
that " doesn 't inspire confidence in the internal investigation , " it says .
moussa bakir was released without charge after two days of questioning about the case .
interstate 10 , with direct freeway access to all major portions of the city .
voice dial-out technology allows you to receive custom voice notifications on your cell phone .
investigators say the design of a government-issued holster makes guns vulnerable to accidental discharges .
his height doesn 't intimidate jail inmates--it helps him develop a rapport .
the listing agent was susan montgomery of sotheby 's international realty , pacific palisades .
she must be a riot at parties ! ... this almost an anti-british diatribe .
and , what is the best way to start moving back into the market ?
they have names like anthocyanidins , catechins , lutein , quercetin , and resveratrol .
meanwhile , the us would transport forces to afghanistan via kuwait , he said .
people nodded to them politely , but they were left out of the excitement .
one thing has been widely overlooked in the discussion of the pending rescue package .
atlanta expects to finish tearing down the last of its sprawling projects next june .
world leaders did not attend when environment ministers agreed the kyoto protocol in 1997 .
a hearing is scheduled for march 11 in u.s. bankruptcy court in new york .
and ms smith announced that young people would be able to apply from 2010 .
full credit to harlequins for their part in stopping bath with ball in hand .
roughly 1,500 people with little or no health insurance are lining up daily to ...
he said : " if there are no bees there will be no steak .
in recent years it has stepped up fund-raising as costs have outstripped endowment income .
a jail official says she was released monday from the st. lucie county jail .
many treatments that have shown promise in mice have had little effect on humans .
however , he dismissed notions he was the union 's " red ed . "
for now , usual right tackle sean locklear is replacing jones at left tackle .
the committee is expected to make a final decision on the legislation this month .
he said he 's promoting his beer and the town where he brews them .
in 1958 , the italian was the first woman to enter a grand prix .
5.28pm : paul waugh thinks the coup could be " out of bullets . "
these were books that they had bought and paid for--thought they owned .
but even then , lawmakers and others were eyeing the money for other needs .
elliott then had to come up big to weather a 7-minute flyers power play .
on monday , crude oil prices jumped $ 1.63 to $ 47.15 per barrel .
los angeles clinched its second straight division title saturday night with a 5-0 victory .
senate democratic leaders said they need some republican support to pass the healthcare measure .
he was the 23rd person to die on the region 's roads this year .
china has in the past vetoed un security council resolutions condemning its isolated neighbour .
but the olympics ambassador lord coe tells the paper it is not too late .
mr wright said that six of the men on trial had left suicide messages .
neither major brand of irish whiskey , bushmills and jameson , are irish-owned anymore .
the parlemannews website reported that three aides to mir hossein mousavi had been arrested .
in 2004 , just 24 years old , he was demonstrative on the field .
only between 200 and 300 copies are thought to have survived around the world .
but the prime minister was replaced , and two protesters were voted into parliament .
the numbers : barack obama , 51 percent , john mccain , 47 percent .
the boxes now feature bedrail caps that protect sheet metal from dents and scratching .
it cost nearly twelve thousand pounds because she had to charter her own flight .
at lib dem events everybody loves to whisper because it adds to the intrigue .
cmdr. kevin ronan maintained midshipmen made the tapes to extort money from him .
so far , though , it is not believed anyone has ever been rejected .
a small mezzanine overlooking the living area doubles as an office or extra bedroom .
lynn is a former lobbyist for raytheon corp. , a major missile defense contractor .
the accident happened on the a6070 near tewitfield village in carnforth on sunday afternoon .
the industry points to government studies that looked at phthalates and found little risk .
once they opened up this joint , the astronauts noticed wear on some parts .
there are reports of black ice patches on many untreated roads throughout the region .
iraqi government officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the case .
i didn 't mind the expulsion because the treatment was both laughable and ineffective .
" brown 's problem is that he 's an intellectual , " curtice said .
it had to withdraw a move to place the isi under the interior ministry .
call it a guilty pleasure , or maybe it just rings familiar to him .
here are 10 albums that still held their deepest secrets after the thousandth listen .
a stalemate was resolved after the polish delegation accepted a proposal , socrates said .
climate change : president obama has changed the hostile approach adopted by president bush .
whether there are any roles outside parliament for mr martin remains to be seen .
in a 2007 regulatory filing , vantage had a different name for its model .
then comes the opening line of the book : " dennis was different . "
he had not worked for about a decade , instead caring for the children .
those who spoke at the funeral refused to be named because of safety concerns .
for my money , the performance of the night was given by alicia keys .
so i 'd say we 've already experienced a huge change under president kirchner .
jeremy reed replaced sheffield in left field on friday night and started on saturday .
it was not immediately clear whether the city attorney 's office would retry spears .
trammell clocked 13.17 and world champion ryan brathwaite of barbados was third in 13.27 .
wonder if the prize structure might have been different if a journalist had won ?
most grocery stores double your coupon if it 's for less than 50 cents .
to jimmy , it 's a working relationship , to capone they 're friends .
the timing of fiscal contraction should be governed by economics , not political dogma .
bea chose summer garden crostini and parmesan lollipops on rosemary sticks for the canapés .
first-year teacher tony olson says he saw willis lying on the floor that afternoon .
the rangers will retire brian leetch 's no. 2 before thursday 's game .
gray was also charged with extortion and is being treated at a psychiatric facility .
same proud , confident , happy reaction to my using it as jerry 's .
it 's more than an upset in the making , it 's a revolution .
taylor is scheduled to go on trial may 4 , bullock on july 20 .
outside the bloc , a few former detainees have settled in albania and bermuda .
congress required warning labels on cigarette packs in 1965 and updated them in 1984 .
" we have strong leaders and teachers to do this , " it added .
futures tour player jean reynolds is third after a 72 for a 1-under 141 .
president obama is expected to sign the health care bill tuesday at the earliest .
thus the e-ink technology and the 10 + years it took to develop it .
music , like your mother told you , is a less lucrative career choice .
" im not going to get too involved in it , " palmer said .
but over time , more and more functions can be moved onto web sites .
cafodd marion eames ei geni ym mhenbedw yn 1921 a 'i magu yn nolgellau .
but we do sometimes need reminding that british produce is unrivalled in its line .
he served as a u.s. army reserve officer , achieving the rank of captain .
in september , georgia became the latest state requiring a prescription for flu shots .
there will be some violence , " u.n. peacekeeping chief alain le roy said .
( the technical refurbishing of all these films is nothing short of miraculous . )
the ritz-carlton ( 3 ) $ 192.13 -27.1 % 57.0 % -13.1 % pts .
popular issei seemed exhausted as he explained the strains of keeping the clients happy .
iraq has had two previous imf arrangements of less than $ 1 billion each .
both defenses had to be ticked off at the offenses after sunday 's game .
that would lead to a different pattern of exposure and therefore of potential risk .
inventory has increased since the expiration of the homebuyer tax credit , he notes .
associated press writer kim gamel at forward operating base marez contributed to this report .
if it was up to me i would replace mona lisa with something new .
does any of the above behaviors have to do with how we perceive halloween ?
" but most joes and janes are just kidding themselves , " he said .
barack obama has held himself out as a bridge builder across even divisive issues .
it 's taken all this time , a long wait , to lose it .
" my feelings are very positive , " the 26-year-old told spanish newspaper marca .
nevertheless , the state booked the entire sale price as revenue for the year .
but many , many people don 't have the wiggle room--or discipline .
they will not travel more than 50 feet unless desperate for a blood meal .
the defender joined manchester city in the summer and was replaced by thomas vermalen .
gm has already received $ 13.4 billion in loans and chrysler $ 4 billion .
now they are chinese , with a few mistresses of moscovite oligarchs thrown in .
there is significant cost cutting opportunities for both the group and in particular gs .
who for : the ultra competitive and those who don 't mind a scrape .
the point is that sacking shock jocks and demonising political parties are cosmetic measures .
run it , let it restart the pc , and you should be fine .
investigators found that blackwater-paravant obtained weapons from a warehouse reserved for afghan security forces .
would an opera singer , a far better vocalist , have beaten out kris ?
notes : @ bush has a 21.60 era in his last two starts . ...
utley hit his major league-leading ninth home run--his sixth in five games .
recently-retired rugby giant lawrence dallaglio and boxer joe calzaghe are among the sportsmen recognised .
frings came through the weekend action unscathed but then broke his nose playing basketball .
the team would not say definitively if yao would miss all of next season .
however centre manager , richard hesketh , was delighted to discover the newly-laid egg .
some species remain fertile through their lives , and men produce fresh sperm daily .
you could not hope for a better example of how to get everything wrong .
elizabeth razzi : every home that leaves the inventory is good news these days .
the vendors include h.p. and smaller specialist firms like consensus point and newsfutures .
beckett continually got ahead with first-pitch strikes , which bothered detroit manager jim leyland .
first , they moved from a 1,600-square-foot home to a small apartment in montana .
motorola and sony ericsson , meanwhile , are already struggling to make a profit .
" buildings under construction look nicer than buildings finished , " gehry once said .
ronnee schreiber says having women speak for conservative causes legitimates them to other women .
among the fund 's lenders are citigroup , bank of america and merrill lynch .
there 's more on the madeleine mccann mystery in the sun and the mirror .
mentally retarded people cannot be executed under a 2002 u.s. supreme court decision .
jonathan pryce began his career at the everyman -- he was its artistic director .
it has stirred deep sectarian tension in egypt where security has been stepped up .
that 's quite difficult , it can be quite intrusive , " he said .
the inspector general 's report makes clear that top justice department officials acted inappropriately .
i guess i just fail to see why an nfl-like playoff system is unrealistic .
all participants were subjected to multiple checks before being allowed to enter on friday .
ted briggs married twice , and his second wife , clare , survives him .
" i prefer france , but she likes italy , mostly for the food .
and if you find the source for those stickers , please publish it here .
a call to starbucks ' seattle headquarters seeking comment thursday was not immediately returned .
fire officials say the aircraft was on fire as it crashed into a home .
corn based ethanol is a means to an end not the end all solution .
with few exceptions , the news media 's credibility has been eroding since 1985 .
the total compared with 9,700 drink drivers who were snared in the 2006 crackdown .
as a result , the rate has fallen to 3 percent from 5.25 percent .
stick around until month 20 and you 're on the hook for $ 80 .
a very unremarkable citizen like myself has bought how many cars during a lifetime ?
so we 're really excited about what 's going on , " he said .
" it 's that asian girls are generally attracted to guys like me . "
and fans are again turning up and adding to a growing mound of flowers .
francisco rodriguez worked the ninth to earn his ninth save in as many chances .
archaeologists not connected to the city of david digs don 't dispute their importance .
there was no basis in actual fact , even polls were less than convincing .
" this is one of those stereotypical development disaster stories , " he said .
carol said , nearly snorting with impatience. ora fugit rapide lethumque invadit inermes .
they were pushed and shoved and villanova even fouled rather than allowing easy hoops .
the most likely outcome envisioned by many is a slowdown or a mild recession .
wade scored 30 after pouring in 29 in tuesday 's overtime loss to denver .
those flouting the regulations could be issued with fixed penalty notices if problems persist .
" i came here to protect your community from crime , " arpaio replied .
a savage resident found olson 's purse in a garbage can at pacer park .
bulgaria is the only european union member country where muslims are not recent immigrants .
narrowed a gap among unmarried whites , though he still trails by 8 points .
but there 's no doubt that it is very difficult , " she said .
host : what can nations do to give more women a voice in government ?
the proposals can then be presented to the american people for an up-or-down vote .
marine corps and u.s. navy investigators are cooperating with the investigation , he said .
ah , but as the saying goes , there 's no substitute for inexperience .
it was even marvelous spooned onto a romaine lettuce salad in place of dressing .
the other score came on david 's nifty 55-yard fumble return for a touchdown .
he 's the only one who is listening to the american people so far .
intercell is listed on the vienna stock exchange under the symbol " icll . "
everybody is doing it we need to be responsible and tighten the ship . "
children rush to greet the troops with smiles and laughter on dusty gravel roads .
however , it did not deny outright that some cases might have been concealed .
" the only thing i wanted to do was die , " she said .
it 's not just the water departments that have failed to disclose such information .
williams seemed deflated and dumped a forehand into the net to end the set .
the magazine published the stories on muslims in the european union in late october .
what are they doing in this world of essentials , except cluttering it up ?
these figures , supplied by expat insurer medicare international , are only the start .
unable to read her partner 's card , west shifted to the diamond king .
that being said , i could care less if he can bowl or not .
credit is drying up for hotel and condominium projects planned before the slowdown arrived .
breuer said the indictments , which were returned by a washington grand jury dec .
i 'm not a scientist , but i can row , " he said .
iovine also was a producer of hollywood quasi-biographical films for eminem and 50 cent .
the vietnamese student underwent emergency surgery following the attack but died on 2 march .
for two weeks the southern city has been buried beneath mountains of rotting rubbish .
" such a huge issue should go to the people , " said billado .
the approximately 55 insurgents killed included three key leaders , a coalition statement said .
scotland , england , wales and northern ireland are beautiful places , in parts .
some of them were born into privilege , like mitt romney and john mccain .
mccain planned to return to pennsylvania before heading home to arizona on election day .
the lawsuits are expected to be dismissed as a result of the new law .
still , bond issuance might prop up investment banking profits into the second half .
it argued that the offence of blasphemy violated the european convention on human rights .
their information would be linked up by computer systems that could guide the interceptors .
outside the jury 's presence , the prosecutor called pex a highly paid liar .
instead , i simply took a long weekend break on the isle of skye .
it had slid further down the mountain side after he came to a stop .
a twin-engine plane sat amid the crumpled sheet metal that had been a hangar .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 02.47 bst on thursday 8 october 2009 .
to do so " is a disservice to our children , " duncan wrote .
larry sharpe said he saw it coming , even if his friend did not .
so the next time you hear rumors about a buyout of that company . ...
uncle sam owns big chunks of general motors and chrysler , among other companies .
the winning numbers were : 8 , 18 , 22 , 40 and 44 .
now she deserves to hide behind her own pantsuits when men cause her trouble .
senior labour strategists are pressing the prime minister to stop dithering over the issue .
ashcroft 's lawyers argued he was functioning as a prosecutor , not an investigator .
the gnop argument can be reduced to two words , " slippery slope . "
business moved west , particularly to the yakima valley , where it remains today .
unfortunately for milk-chocolate lovers , this type of chocolate has lower levels of flavonoids .
" don 't ask , don 't tell " in state of the union ?
los angeles mayor antonio villaraigosa secured a second four-year term in tuesday 's election .
back in jamaica the streets erupted as the country celebrated their new olympic champions .
he finished second to team penske teammate and countryman gil de ferran in 2003 .
in fact , they are now almost as serious about them as the girls .
the main western election monitors will give their assessment of the vote on sunday .
some nearby roads have been closed and traffic is being re-directed from hamilton square .
a few years ago i visited the ancient inca capital of cuzco in peru .
a press conference by margaret chan , director-general , was scheduled for 1600 gmt .
hospital admissions for self-harm were compared from eight european countries between 1989 and 2003 .
an estimated 3,500 people have been evacuated so far from the area so far .
last year , a wal-mart employee outside new york was crushed in a stampede .
but this kind of dialogue helps , and i appreciate all of you participating .
the focus at aintree on saturday will be as much on have-nots as haves .
i saw he had heard the girl 's greeting and decided to ignore it .
ms bhutto 's party has called for a wider inquiry by the united nations .
but in the governor 's race , he has positioned himself as a conservative .
most republicans want a new bankruptcy regime rather than a government-ordained seizure and wind-down .
just 18 deliveries later , south africa struck again , this time through harris .
jindal , a former congressman , became louisiana 's first nonwhite governor since reconstruction .
the marshal leading the briefing gives a description of the suspect named mohamed jaal .
" i think these reforms are wrong and it 's time to fight back .
det ch insp mike fowkes said he needed the support of the local people .
fringe shows include music , comedy , theatre , dance , opera and art .
two people were treated at the scene for the effects of breathing in smoke .
based on secrecy agreements with the researchers , the treatment plants were not identified .
if the first light they find is indoors , they will end up inside .
last year 294 units were sold , with an average price of $ 156,766 .
edward kelly , president of the union , blasted those who leaked the information .
rajapakshe said the detention was illegal and that fonseka had not been formally charged .
since then , a handful of other bureaucracies have let him examine budget information .
vastness is a relative concept , however , in terms of cretaceous era animals .
the million + group of new universities has criticised this " wrong response . "
they accept me as i am and i don 't need to conceal anything .
the money would come from balances left in the $ 700 billion bailout fund .
it 's not so much a fight over children as a tug of love .
" i 'm single at the moment and i 'm completely happy with that .
the accident happened on wednesday afternoon at weatherspoons pub at paget lane , enniskillen .
it is time to heal the wounds on the monument by returning " those .
phelps , 23 , and his team have not disputed the photo 's accuracy .
the new treaty is scheduled to be completed in december in copenhagen , denmark .
in previous years , zhuang benchao would have been a potential recruit for galanz .
injuries have limited martinez over the past three seasons with the new york mets .
denzel bowles had 21 points , and darren white and louis each added 10 .
nato-led forces and the ministry of defence would not comment further on the raid .
many mud victims have previously demonstrated over what they regard as insufficient compensations payments .
for reviews of this week 's idol performances , click on the photos below .
three minutes multiplied by 20 youths equals time not spent dealing with other problems .
the official agreed to talk about the private discussions only on condition of anonymity .
it is the first time the ncaa 's chief executive has died in office .
he secretly pleaded guilty to terrorism charges as part of a short-lived plea bargain .
shouting " no more war ! " he proceeded to tear off the head .
but how do you know when someone is in the final days of life ?
the debate broke out as the party found itself in a particularly dire state .
despite the links with the east , the only beverage was builders ' tea .
freshman kirk korver and sophomore latreze mushatt had 12 points each for the kangaroos .
obviously he doesn 't have the wisdom and judgment i gave him credit for .
each class is $ 49 and starts at 6 : 30 p.m. : thebrooklynkitchen.com.
the cement goes off to yerevan to build yet more apartments and shopping malls .
the new plan would limit insurance subsidies to those making up to $ 66,000 .
sheriff 's detectives have found at least four couples who were married by elfman .
we would all be working together on this blog on the tower of babel .
published in poet 's 80th year , white egrets contains work of both kinds .
he has been sentenced to at least 15 years at a young offenders institution .
it was the most-watched regular season game in the united states in 36 years .
associated press writer sadaqat jan in islamabad , pakistan , contributed to this report .
the pioneer of the comb-forward-and-back-again came up with that mess all on his own .
it is the first presidential election since montenegro became independent from siberia in 2006 .
rhoades said he plans to appeal to the u.s. supreme court on constitutional grounds .
fire surrounded him , and gases and steam turned the room into an oven .
the filipino collapsed and died on the saga-owned cruise ship in southampton on wednesday .
it wasn 't disclosed who the victims died or their relationship to teach other .
a woman walks in looking for a replica sword from the time of jesus .
the jets circled around him and tried to get his attention , kucharek said .
have you ever hunted for the perfect handbag only to come back empty handed ?
but ideally , paterson could use this crisis to redefine himself and his administration .
the blast came as ties between india and archrival pakistan appeared to be warming .
current vision technology requires large transportation mediums but ladar allows for much smaller machines .
federal officials said taneja 's scheme escalated as the nation 's economy spiraled downward .
there 's just no point in trying to battle opinions cemented in the eighties .
itca 650 therapy for type 2 diabetes consists of duros continuous delivery of exenatide .
information about fishing in gateway national recreation area is available at www.nps.gov / gate .
kennedy was part of the washington social scene , with its emphasis on politics .
the aim is to export professional football to the world -- starting in london .
a trial is listed to take place at leeds crown court on 26 april .
the non-gaap measures have been reconciled to gaap measures in the attached financial statements .
the only threat that worked on his father was the threat to stop singing .
left 12 million dollars , trouble received the largest bequest from helmsley 's will .
growth of doryx , loestrin 24 fe and estrace cream drives solid earnings growth .
following her death , he played the role of the grieving husband in public .
he said : " he was a very prominent germ and chemical warfare expert .
the organisation has more than 4,000 troops in somalia supporting the fragile transitional government .
but as time has passed , such affiliations have lost some of their stigma .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.00 gmt on tuesday 16 march 2010 .
others simply die without any doctor diagnosing what is going on with their organs .
rfi said portugal 's 9.1 percent unemployment rate is the highest in 22 years .
this is just an example of what we have discovered only in recent years .
there will be more investigations , " which he said will unsettle cia officers .
the 700 inhabitants of adjecrum are grateful for a well that cadbury has sunk .
as the train bears down on the car , davey escapes just in time .
the speechmaking and picketing concluded a half-hour before the rally 's designated closing time .
he probably regretted his choice even more after florida thrashed the wildcats , 41-7 .
it was believed the fire was started by hot gases from in a chimney .
the scottish mining museum is given £ 220,000 each year from museums galleries scotland .
it was interesting , but surely a turner winner should be more than that .
hanratty specialises in medical law , clinical negligence claims , nhs powers and governance .
but , he added , the americans are still needed to protect security gains .
the lines show the path of the boat as it gathers the data . "
defenders of earmarks note that the founding fathers explicitly gave congress control over spending .
most great quarterbacks retired before they got to be 38 , favre 's age .
" we are monitoring , " nfl spokesman greg aiello said in an e-mail .
marc lacey and jennifer medina reported from tucson , timothy williams from new york .
more than $ 153,000 has been donated as a reward for finding his killer .
the 30-year long bond rose 1 11 / 32 to 96 11 / 32 .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond rose 9 / 32 to yield 3.689 percent .
it will severely impact some children while other children have attention and behavioral issues .
ms. spector said the cars could be thought of as yet another self-reflecting image .
the white house was behind 9 / 11 as a pretext for invading afghanistan .
there is a chance today to listen to your own intuition and trust it .
viruses multiply by entering cells and hijacking the cell machinery to start copying themselves .
jeff bennett started in hampton 's place in the game against the pittsburgh pirates .
as the world 's economy tanks , this is going to become more common .
that option was not available to bear stearns and other investment banks in march .
the president has said he hopes to sign a healthcare bill in the fall .
mexico condemns plans for the barrier , which is intended to curb illegal immigration .
the south west norfolk conservative association will vote on her future on 16 november .
by 2006 , the average intake grew by an additional 1.8 pounds a week .
he would head off objections with a brisk ' no -- matter done ! '
he says the pm is " incapable " of admitting he got things wrong .
it set this year 's target for plasma tv sales at 4 million units .
hollywood sees green as in dollars , and that 's just the bottom line .
it should be given a christian name like the eyes of jesus or something .
make sure you order today , since these are very limited free trial offers !
" but it 's a long way from legislation , " he told reuters .
despite bad press , " spider-man " was last week 's highest-grossing broadway show .
he knows that he will lose and his incoherence is all the more visible .
delays and cancellations have inspired the vast majority of his efforts on the subject ...
louisiana attorney general charles foti is conducting a review of the office 's performance .
( 13 ) " grey 's anatomy , " abc , 15.27 million viewers .
a spokeswoman for the united states embassy confirmed that americans were among those injured .
so far , you 've managed to make yourself look like a complete idiot .
sam allardyce , the blackburn rovers manager , called for a sense of perspective .
" we 've not had the easiest of times against them in the past .
we 'll watch and wait -- and use this opportunity to return to slatkin .
jol selected his final team for last night 's uefa cup tie against getafe .
i guess that makes you the worst writer for la times of all time .
many low-income indians visit the mall to escape soaring summer heat and power outages .
although the brother was unharmed , virginia suffered burns to her face and hands .
pedro feliz had three hits , two rbis and scored two runs for philadelphia .
forget party spots like old pas or citywalk -- places without grit or substance .
" we had to examine the issue after complaints arose , " he said .
it is the only f1 track to be constructed as part of a hotel .
the report states one death ... in afghanistan ... at the hands of contractor .
" i will not be talking much about health , " dr. ayala said .
i noticed that he turned his back with apparent ease in completing this task .
" you just can 't describe how it feels , " paul steele said .
mathew tait versus shane geraghty versus anthony allen versus dominic waldouck in the centre ?
does not the decision to offer those " pre-judge the future " of a-levels ?
three times he declined to say whether the chancellor would remain in his job .
i 'm going to sheffield to do me and my girl at the crucible .
the alarm was raised by his 16-year-old nephew who was out climbing with him .
this could be done on height of snowperson , with the tallest one winning .
a year after i quit , i started a research firm of my own .
no other federal agency or fortune 500 company makes such payments , potter said .
the case was eventually settled out of court with a modest payment to razon .
you have a very suspicious view of strangers , that 's all , jemima .
morrison 's position was not , as far i know , ever formally announced .
three of the nation 's top seven ranked teams come from the big 12 .
prosecutors said no decision has been made on whether to seek the death penalty .
its decline has been linked to the loss of wildflower environments and grassland meadows .
there was no evidence of foul play , police sgt. michael kammert said .
eventually , christiania agreed to pay for utilities and a nominal tax per house .
those out of work for more than a year climbed by 45 per cent .
where the dispute comes in is what happens in a whole bunch of out-years .
but figure it out ahead of time and spare your stuff no mercy whatsoever .
what do you get when you cross great-power advantage with third-world strength of numbers ?
" it 's a big boost in terms of confidence , " he added .
they have been on this planet for 3.5 billion years , " she said .
before the switch , only minimal information about mr zuckerberg was available via facebook .
bush did somewhat better than mccain with these groups , but not dramatically so .
the presumptive nominees are democratic rep. mark udall and former republican rep. bob schaffer .
the newcomers appear in the latest edition of the respected german dictionary , duden .
comparisons to the depression feature in almost every discussion of the global economic crisis .
the map allows them to focus their efforts on neighborhoods with low response rates .
manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 here on sunday to win the league cup .
shares in barclays were down 7.2 per cent at 143p in afternoon london trading .
prodi reportedly sees romeʼs mayor , walter veltroni , taking over the countryʼs leadership .
in some cases , the jobs lasted as little as a day or two .
gm 's november sales dropped 41 percent , while ford 's slid 30 percent .
the sense of isolation -- which took some getting used to -- was absolute .
this will include a drive for greater awareness of inappropriate content such as pornography .
he had at least a handful of good birdie looks he didn 't make .
they also claimed that the firms had recklessly misrepresented the risks of such investments .
in the end gilbert & george may be best understood within an outsider tradition .
huangtupo village , china ( ap ) - wang zhushu rarely sleeps at night .
once he left the site , we had no idea what was going on .
friedel attempts to avoid the incoming torres and was sent off for his troubles .
in st helier only 27 of the 52 honorary police positions have been filled .
still , all magazines do lie politely open without needing to be nailed down .
the pace of job declines slowed among retailers and among professional and business services .
garrido , skinned once down the united right by valencia already , suffers again .
two of his relatives accompanied him to the courtroom , and both refused comment .
melissa rosenberg wrote the scripts for all three films in the twilight saga franchise .
strong safety glenn love did not participate in practice because of a bruised clavicle .
indian companies typically buy firms abroad to secure materials , markets , or technologies .
pronouncements including : " is east angular abroad ? " went down in folklore .
natural gas prices rose 0.214 cents to $ 4.014 per million british thermal units .
suzlon aims to reduce its debt level by the end of the fiscal year .
it did not at the time clarify mr stitzer 's comments on strategic sense .
gov. jim gibbons was under scrutiny over his ties to a defense contractor .
m brown is asked about cabinet meetings in the run up to the war .
a year on , however , the figure had risen by two per cent .
quangos are always vulnerable : they have too many enemies and hardly any friends .
foreign forces cannot distinguish who is a fisherman or who are the pirates .
we are in year 6 of having my husband 's father live with us .
the 56-year-old truck driver in euless , texas , closed his ira on thursday .
it is expected that the scholarships will continue beyond 2012 , subject to funding .
natural gas prices shed 0.178 cents to $ 4.115 per million british thermal units .
adding two days of unlimited tram rides would take the total to $ 90 .
the federal indictment means the case will be transferred to civilian courts for prosecution .
he said the u.s. supreme court has repeatedly rejected due-process challenges to retroactive legislation .
we 're about to find out just how stubborn is the culture of blame .
but that doesn 't mean the former internet wunderkind has a lot of choices .
set limits on distractions and prioritize your tasks versus favors people ask of you .
those criteria are very complimentary of their positive trajectories in emerging out of it .
a fourth man was arrested inside the mall while carrying victoria 's secret bags .
albig said his sources told him the board would most likely accept the resignation .
the man then became separated from his sons and soon after he was stabbed .
y : i designed a tea-dress inspired by a vintage blouse that i loved .
pelosi spokesman nadeam elshami said the timing of karekin 's visit was a coincidence .
interim leader roberto micheletti has temporarily stepped down to focus attention on the polls .
a prison service spokesman stressed the items couldn 't have made a viable bomb .
as the graying population has grown , so have diseases associated with advanced age .
" oil at this pricing level is on shaky ground , " he said .
the summit will come ahead of crucial world climate talks in copenhagen in december .
her performance became a " where were you when you heard ? " event .
the newspaper said there were no immediate details on the conditions of those shot .
china 's trade surplus last year fell 34.2 percent , to $ 196.1 billion .
the chief executive of diabetes uk is among the leading lights of the group .
the impact sent a 10-inch shard of wood flying off one of the stumps .
the net result was that cnn saved hillary from yet another embarrassing debate performance .
it caught on and soon most residents became familiar with the words and tune .
boone and williams , who are friends , seem to feed off each other .
such intrusive and rough tactics have contributed to growing afghan hostility toward foreign forces .
" no timetable has yet been established for monetary union , " he said .
others wanted to confront the past , even if it means opening old wounds .
why anyone would want to strike the law office is another point of mystery .
you seem to cultivate a kind of wild-child mystique , even in your appearance .
real estate mogul barbara corcoran 's mom didn 't have time for such micromanagement .
" it 's a magnificent day for skiing , " he said by phone .
kieta , who is legally blind , had taken a day off work monday .
and the video appears to show the childish obsession that lilo feels for samro .
the black unemployment rate , as you know , is in the double digits .
why does mr. okun mention only his thoughts on abortion and these teen mothers ?
he promised to promote the coca crop , and he 's doing just that .
petrol is expected to pass the £ 5 mark possibly as early as today .
at first , when the glaciers melt , the extra water can create overflowing .
msps described the case as an " extraordinary waste of time and money . "
dermatologists who specialize in cosmetic treatments or in skin-cancer operations can earn much more .
( 1 ) lsu at ( 18 ) kentucky , 3 : 30 p.m.
and thousands of people are vying for a chance to be part of it .
make a list of all of the contacts you or your firm have made .
the meetup would mark the first time four women have gathered together in orbit .
the two sides will conduct a joint feasibility study on developing haeju by year-end .
nasa will begin their live coverage of the event at around 11.15 bst today .
their research has shown that customers are placing a greater emphasis on vehicle interiors .
but a disaster on this scale is unusual : occasional outages are more common .
it has a non-removable battery pack that delivers about six hours of computing power .
( cnn ) -- the visit begins with a 4,000-foot climb in a tram .
the crash scenario laid out by investigators show circumstances combined to worsen the accident .
at least a dozen others at the school are also struggling , she said .
west virginia was at home , playing for a spot in the national-championship game .
prosecutors said the media frenzy eclipsed the hard facts that incriminated knox and sollecito .
the spokesman said the church had been co-operating with the investigation since it began .
mr. inoue writes and draws the " vagabond " and " real " series .
in the first quarter , the jets converted their fourth fake punt this season .
if confirmed , mr christofias will become the european union 's only communist-rooted leader .
you can opt for the cheaper , brasserie-style section or the wonderful restaurant herman .
thomas turner comes to active after working as media director for halogen response media .
she felt she was beginning to understand the character of mary from the inside .
the company also distributes dr pepper and several other beverage brands in selected territories .
that 's too bad , since the bluster mainly obscures jones 's unique songs .
the genes affect the seals at the junctions between the cells of the epithelium .
" i 'm so happy i had gone through it , " said edmonds .
he hopped from factory to factory , holding four jobs before his 15th birthday .
ellis said he 's never looked at staying with the wolves as a right .
the trial is the icty 's most high-profile case since that of slobodan milosevic .
" dear friends , my heart procedure went off perfectly , " she wrote .
the new york senator had made the remarks in a televised interview last week .
in reality , most people aren 't using their machines for highly technical stuff .
there was no suggestion in the judgement that li was aware of any manipulation .
chasing a long ball , ronaldo collided with a defender and the on-rushing goalkeeper .
university and major in physical therapy. of new hampshire and major in kinesiology .
you need to draw on inner talents and strengths and contribute to the group .
" ziva is the one that is strongly fragrant , " ms. ferguson said .
going forward , credit card companies will purge customers rather than risk higher losses .
two insurgents carrying long-barrelled weapons were killed by hellfire missiles fired from apache gunships .
each has pulled in more than $ 600 since the first snow last friday .
alternately , the instinct offers a unique web-panning method for moving around a page .
an exclusive place , with charm and cachet , offering an affordable rate . "
brook : the global financial crisis has affected many people , young and old .
mckinlay also intensified the solution of alcohol and iodine to ward off possible infection .
individuals would often have been branded a witch after falling out with a neighbour .
why was the referee 's decision controversial , and how did it impact khalil ?
watch for her to emphasize that she understands the needs of people like you .
he missed 114 games while on the disabled list with a bum shoulder . ...
after the killings , the girl and her mother moved to another apartment nearby .
" i think there is less emphasis on appearance in the uk than overseas .
the bill was last week adopted by the lower house , the state duma .
the obama administration is due to hold another review of afghan policy in december .
the company skipped a $ 53.1 million biannual payment due bond holders last dec .
they also forecast dangerous naval navigation conditions and warned road travelers to avoid highways .
expanding the rulebook to deal with every fresh scandal isn 't a sustainable approach .
the robertses say the va did not approve of them going outside the system .
you have no voice in this institution unless you are one of the owners .
he also scheduled meetings with leaders of india and south korea while in london .
thursday 's talks in kuala lumpur appeared to remove the hurdle though others remained .
the demonstrations swelled to as many as 100,000 monks and supporters in yangon alone .
that marks the third consecutive day the bulls have failed to break out higher .
logan spokesman phil orlandella says asfaw said , " i 'm with al qaeda .
ponting started int cricket as a young man , pietersen near his peak age .
astana and the international cycling union ( uci ) dismissed the suggestions as groundless .
vectura and vernalis , two of its peers , have also suffered serious setbacks .
that would include abbas , who is holding peace talks with the israeli government .
" olympic games come to countries once in a lifetime , " he says .
so for a fortune 100 company right now , you can probably get credit .
dog wardens say that many types of dog have the potential to be aggressive .
" with great crisis comes great opportunity , " said state rep. lynn smith .
around the edges of the ice sheet , though , there is accelerated melting .
some of our moms have woken up in the hospital , " odanaka said .
redknapp gave first starts to two new signings , younès kaboul and eidur gudjohnsen .
that compared with just seven in august last year and 11 the following month .
2.30 p.m. - walk down the length of street 240 and enjoy the shops .
one involves fermenting cow manure in a cow horn , buried underground over winter .
born in poland in 1923 , he emigrated to palestine when he was 11 .
soak the rice in a bowl of cold water while you prepare the rest .
the unemployment figures are slated to be released by the labor department on friday .
in the usa in the late 60 's this problem was called triffins dilemma .
" it just gives me a little big of height , " she said .
jonathan schell : we learned so much , at such cost , in vietnam .
mr. coffin is among a dwindling number of craftsmen who repair antique wooden clocks .
new england and grow its overall footprint , which spans from maine to georgia .
dow jones industrial average futures fell 41 , or 0.5 percent , to 7,779 .
i sent a friend to my acupuncturist and she no longer suffres from migraines .
simon : right , so what have you got for us today , andy ?
it said that tests for sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) were also advisable .
headphones to screen out the crying baby in the next row : $ 5 .
do any currency traders have any recommendations with regard to shifting out of sterling .
does that mean new yorkers care less for their country than they used to ?
edf put up electricity tariffs by 7.9 % and gas prices by 12.9 % .
he owns a 4-4 record and 3.02 era in games pitched in fenway park .
the snow in downtown atlanta was coming down heavily , coating sidewalks and streets .
claims made in the book about the observer have already been amplified by others .
toronto hit just 20.6 percent of its field goal attempts in the second half .
this isn 't the time for the status quo mentality , " snowe said .
this year , though , was the love fest to end all love fests .
output of business services and finance decreased by 0.4 per cent in the quarter .
if he had taken a hallucinogen , nutt couldn 't have asked for more .
tuesday , july 1 , 1 : 00 p.m. - 2 : 00 p.m.
the officer the curfews would also place more accountability on the parents of offenders .
he said washington hoped beijing and taipei would continue to reduce tensions through dialogue .
wb is said to have had an " excellent " start to the year .
they were stored in east jerusalem , which was annexed by israel in 1967 .
" and it wasn 't a beautiful , vibrant-hued butterfly that flew out . "
it was the third apparent poisoning at a girls school in about two weeks .
but for right now , people are still paying attention to what cramer says .
they are an effective outfit , yet on occasions selection has stifled the team .
did you know the bushes are part-owners of ely lilly , the drug manufacturer ?
shareholders of aozora will receive one shinsei share for each aozora share they own .
a top pro-taliban militant , sufi mohammad , was freed by pakistan on monday .
the players feel as if they have earned the right to play the jayhawks .
" we are very concerned about flooding on the highways , " he said .
his trial for the slayings of silliman and norman has been scheduled for nov .
what a shame that a few idiots potray 150 million of us as crooks .
obama has already demonstrated an ability to get congress to break its institutional inertia .
i was always able to leave it all behind -- until dmitry was killed .
so far , administrators say sales are up nearly 15 percent from last year .
" successful market economies need trust which can only be built through shared values .
on the other hand , if radziner finds a bigger lot . . . .
srinivas musahara , only about 19-years-old , died in august 2006 in benwalia village .
something brilliant happens in that split second before you let it all hang out .
the majorca-based company blamed currency fluctuations -- particularly the high cost of the euro .
what kind of political nerd do you have to be to know this stuff ?
last year , google started looking at the immediately previous search when considering ads .
the latest fire has been brought under control by the fire and rescue service .
in the uk there are two different systems to protect deposits given by renters .
one gurkha even lifted one of the legal team into the air in joy .
downing street has admitted a couple more families had not received their condolence letters .
they lost for the first time since jim haslett replaced the fired scott linehan .
open a dialogue about what you could be doing to make them more productive .
we also put in a games room , and an old- fashioned ice-cream parlour .
" we wanted to stop by before we left , " the president said .
but it would perhaps be foolish not to heed his warnings this time around .
hebei , china ( reuters life ! ) - craving a slice of immortality ?
" they shouldn 't even know he 's out there , " he said .
the days when james anderson would not say boo to a goose have gone .
as an enterprise college , staff have worked to create mini-businesses among the students .
mr. mccullough put on a brave face yesterday , smiling easily and cracking jokes .
not bad for an ingredient you 've probably got just waiting in the kitchen .
he was ending the day with a rally in sarasota on the gulf coast .
but other members of the scientific community said accusations against holdren are wholly misplaced .
cleveland star lebron james scored 25 points while bosh had 23 and 10 rebounds .
city hall dismissed these particular claims as having been made by an unreliable witness .
you may try to play games of one-upmanship just to make others look bad .
the club announced the appointment of roberto mancini as his replacement on its website .
the regulations apply to all courses starting from 1 january next year and onwards .
" i think that 's going to be very difficult , " gray agreed .
stewart also frequently seems less than comfortable with the public aspect of her career .
expanding sba lending : small business loans are risky , especially in a recession .
j. p. prince added 13 points and 7 assists for tennessee ( 10-1 ) .
in july , such families checked in for emergency overnight stays nearly 800 times .
laws about women remain in the grip of medieval legal reasoning about the family .
the s & p 500 is up 71 percent from the march 2009 bottom .
it was around 3pm when we started seeing hundreds of planes in the sky .
" the price is right " is slightly looser with mr. carey in charge .
he noted that borrowers are facing long delays as they try to get help .
the institute for supply management-chicago business barometer fell to 33.8 from 37.8 in october .
and i disagree when mr. strauss says we could accept a smaller peace corps .
for more medicine on the cutting edge stories by john mckenzie , click here .
the couple said they didn 't hear anything the night of sabrina 's disappearance .
washington is currently in the middle of a warm spell under a clear sky .
services were affected for a time , but were running as normal on wednesday .
after playing a while , the players stopped being aware of the time lag .
freedom in america is nothing but an illusion , propaganda fed to the masses .
in a statement , the mod said sgt collins 's family had been informed .
another , lord digby jones , resigned after just 18 months as trade minister .
carpentier remains attractive because the team can court canadian companies to sponsor the car .
somehow , the republicans must harness this new force , or risk being split .
the girl survived but her face was severely injured and her eyes were destroyed .
yet even the supposed dark horses have attracted money that would call itself wise .
" it was like 20 years of student-teaching paying off , " trembley said .
israel has often clashed with the station , but allows it to operate freely .
she met danny moder on the set of the movie the mexican in 2000 .
unlike some of his counterparts , he is rarely spied at glitzy socialite events .
they were from scotland and immigrated to the us in the 1950 's . ...
as the months go on , emotions oscillate and voter preferences do , too .
in 1997 she was fined $ hk10,000 for working as an unregistered commodities dealer .
measures : increased surveillance ; testing the temperatures of travelers flying into the country .
federal and city health officials are not overburdening mental health providers , honberg said .
must people that believe the easiest way to balance the books support george osborne .
unfortunately , business as usual would do nothing to improve the domain name space .
gardner was ordered held without bail and could face the death penalty if convicted .
she called the incident unusual for the southeast community , near fort dupont park .
back in corvallis , the oregon state athletic director watched on television , anxious .
the battle against guinea worm is taking place at the southern end the country .
a cookbook featuring maw broon 's favourite dishes has been criticised by health experts .
sir alan says he considers the advisory role to be " politically neutral . "
green : we got some charlie brown , some harry potter , some he-man .
so far , the data doesn 't seem to support the improvement in sentiment .
he was hit by a ricocheting bulletin as he drove a warrior army vehicle .
privacy international , the antisurveillance pressure group , has complained repeatedly about its tactics .
" the government does not plan to resign voluntarily , " turchynov told reporters .
he is pointed to the public domain database where it can be freely downloaded .
they don 't speak the language or know the culture in their new homelands .
the owners had not estimated the dollar value of the damage , ward said .
in it bhl praises the philosophy of botul , a man who never existed .
medicare and medicaid do not cover eye care , hearing aides or dental care .
only a dramatic improvement in the quality of kabul governance might change this equation .
gates also dismissed harvey , who had fired weightman and replaced him with kiley .
it was kind of evident we were spinning our wheels , " she said .
several french city halls have faced legal challenges for giving mosques land too cheaply .
gruden is about to walk the plank if he doesn 't win this season .
as the stock market has crashed , so has the value of my pension .
" the book is as much about practical information as it is about inspiration .
" i have bought products online only to receive counterfeits , " she said .
questions now are being raised about the brakes on toyota 's marquee prius hybrid .
the pacific island of tuvalu fears rising seas could wash it off the map .
this is why we never seem to get politicians we want to vote for .
falling electricity prices partially offset the increase , falling 1.9 per cent in june .
no-one is admitting in public that they are turning their backs on free trade .
for the fist time , foot stood for the shadow cabinet and was elected .
they would also learn something from what parents say is working for their children .
this should take about 20 seconds -- or you 're not using enough sanitizer .
he added : " i am totally open-minded as to where this is going .
obama , who landed in shanghai on sunday night , will also visit beijing .
this is resented by journalists , but it adds to the level of openness .
they included caustic soda packages sent to cherie blair and olympics minister tessa jowell .
in other words , it was more than just the ultimate sponsored bike ride .
volunteers in rural and urban communities have been undergoing crash courses in cholera awareness .
i hope they get him back , but it 's not lookin too good .
insurance companies might refuse to sell them life , disability or long-term care coverage .
the maoists contested elections last year and emerged as nepal 's largest political party .
private company axiom education will operate and maintain the six campuses for 30 years .
economists predicted of sales of 438,000 new homes on a seasonally adjusted annual basis .
ten years ago , adam camarena didn 't see himself getting a college degree .
the case against pang is the result of an ongoing investigation by the fbi .
" i ran to my car to grab my mobile phone for a picture .
it is quite clear that the awful macho risk-taking has got into the bloodstream .
in her interview , palin said that letterman does not owe her an apology .
a reinvigorated nepal army is surely the last thing that the maoists would want .
ponting opted to take the ball australian-style , with fingers pointing to the sky .
but they sat on the ground in defiance of orders from policemen to disperse .
and now a sizeable tectonic fault comes to me and i sleep through it !
the verdict on friday could be decided outside tehran , where ahmadinejad is strongest .
" the year before that i had lost my nan , " defoe said .
some of the individual sums involved are believed to be more than £ 70,000 .
initial reports say the victims include policemen and sunni arab fighters who oppose al-qaeda .
i loved the beethoven piano sonatas played by paul lewis ( harmonia mundi ) .
he said he was the first cabinet minister to visit russia since early 2007 .
friends of ms matthews said they believed she had ended her relationship with meehan .
it suddenly became gusty , with one gust reported at 29 miles an hour .
there are also the shiny new public toilets , complete with black granite countertops .
it has been reported that the kpmg audit noted " serious financial irregularities . "
by then , clemens had committed to oregon , and anderson to oregon state .
the fbi dropped its investigation of her because of " lack of evidence . "
issue : whether colgate-palmolive co. violated an employee 's civil rights by firing her .
the 58-year-old husband of the dead woman was also badly beaten , but survived .
the great pyramid at giza was the only ancient wonder to make the cut .
some of those battles took place near president abdullahi yusuf 's villa somalia residence .
we have to short-change charities that help people , so government can help people .
crouch , right , saw two of her biggest clients go bankrupt this year .
i can 't at the moment , but what a joy that would be .
the downside is that auxiliary pay lags well behind the earnings of permanent staff .
" climate change is a global problem , and we are contributing to it .
on may 20 , the candidates will battle it out in kentucky and oregon .
you can 't remake a film without giving the audience reference points and context !
metal pegboard will solve the problem if it has hooks that lock into position .
i worked in mcdonalds when back when i was 16 and in sixth form .
scores of local people have fled the area and taken refuge in kandahar city .
they could influence the situation with the numbers they had but never control it .
" both pele and maradona lit up important games by their goal scoring feats .
they locked the bank doors , and villec and the others took refuge inside .
he also is using the speech to make some pointed attacks on washington lobbyists .
many of the town 's architectural wonders are either on this street or nearby .
remembering her from abc days , newman brought her in to launch doctor who .
a. you paid by an hsbc maestro card , which has no chargeback facility .
i 'm a 43 year old male who 's struggled with my vote here .
that shook all of us , the extent of it , " goldstone said .
" they are probably hoping republicans will stop it , " he mused tuesday .
the same thinking also applies to the way we handle threats here in britain .
the explanations she has provided are absurd to anyone who knows anything about investing .
it said security forces had launched a major operation to track down the attackers .
in 20 years of marriage , he 's never once cheated on his wife .
the granddaughter was guided to a stylist 's chair as morales sat to relax .
thomas brackey , who represents the surviving sublime members , did not return calls .
how else do you pay for votes and get big business to support you !
we will never close the achievement gap if all we do is measure it .
doctors will perform a biopsy on tuesday before deciding on a course of treatment .
get rid of that " being refused before " -undertone and all is perfect !
" maybe he was trying to say goodbye or something , " sharpstein said .
scott , a charleston native , was a standout player at capital high school .
there could also be more distant objects that will forever remain unknown to us .
humana said government medicare advantage membership grew 15 percent to 1.14 million at sept .
but on this occasion , mcarthur read the words like a river city character .
but roy bentham from the cathedral said everything was done legally and above board .
western europe cannot afford to do that- its own economy needs massive assistance .
that funding has been or will be suspended , a u.s. embassy spokesman said .
the offenders ran out of the station towards charing cross road after the incident .
last year he ran 9.85 behind usain bolt 's then-world record time of 9.72 .
however , publishers argue that higher royalties will preclude the necessary investment in digitisation .
the changes to the banking system were decided by the industry a year ago .
it is impossible for someone to do what you are claiming at that rate .
on friday , gonzalez sued the university , claiming he was fired without cause .
escape sales were growing year-over-year through march but saw a double-digit decline in may .
gasoline for november delivery lost a penny to settle at $ 2.0338 a gallon .
the latest deals give bat a big presence in poland as well as turkey .
parents need to set priorities for their boys so they are ready to succeed .
most carriers are on twitter and facebook now , and will e-mail you offers .
this wasn 't the same lakers team the spurs are likely see again later .
the care-and- compassion stuff , vital though it is , is a me-too pitch .
sociable and c ... i am a very outgoing person and enjoy a goo ...
lithuania today is hardly the country my great-grandfather morris gross left a century ago .
national blood pressure treatment guidelines call for a systolic pressure of 130 or lower .
the 35-year-old geving has spent the past four seasons as an assistant under bone .
he is pale and worried , and doesn 't want to give his name .
she will lie to win the race and will lie in the white house .
she was full term but died 30 minutes later , despite doctors ' efforts .
it did not say whether it would ask the union to halt its effort .
grace towers is being built by mountco and a development arm of grace church .
nothing could justify such a babaric act - not in the name of anything .
this form of relief makes an enormous contribution to entrepreneurial activity in this country .
nine police officers were among the dead , including the town 's police chief .
then , in the summer holidays , i travelled in africa for three weeks .
di matteo took the dons to the league one play-offs in his first season .
gibbs said that obama was also focused on how to bring troops back home .
while labour was still in office , the campaigners did not have a prayer .
direct elections of the entire legislature may only be possible in at least 2020 .
" is toyota confident that the electronics are not involved in this problem ? "
studios essentially take their vacation from megamovies , releasing leftovers instead of cinema sirloin .
asided from that any time lives are not lost is a good day no ?
in moore 's sculptures not one of the mothers is looking at her baby .
this is happening not to a minority but to a majority of british children .
one in 10 people believe criminals and lawyers are taking advantage of the act .
ideally , the crop should have about 350 hours by this time of year .
unfortunately , it was on both of them , and that 's a deduction .
inside , you 'll find deering 's extensive collection of italian art and antiques .
some researchers even believe that shakespeare 's king lear was a study of dementia .
i really did not hear those names inside the camp , " said shin .
powell 's question about the little lindbergh law revealed the basis for the killing .
the united nations said the expulsions leave millions at risk of a humanitarian crisis .
hunger and unrest may be the less important factors in the regime 's survival .
the government has been unable to find another country willing to take them in .
south africa are unlikely to be this vulnerable for the remainder of the series .
the forecast results would be the highest quarterly profits ever for all three companies .
cambridge university hospitals trust has withdrawn from the bidding process to run hinchingbrooke hospital .
some people sorta cheated , calling an entire shoe collection one " thing . "
jose reyes hit a leadoff triple and scored on luis castillo 's rbi single .
astronomers using the keck telescope in hawaii discovered the alien world , called hd156668b .
instead , trichet stressed the importance of cooperation among regulators worldwide in tackling crisis .
the mines soon ran out of commercially viable amounts of gold and were abandoned .
why work sucks -- and how to fix it is due out june 2 .
+ man , 80 , bikes from ore. to n.h. san diego , aug .
yukio hatoyama looks set to secure a two-thirds majority in parliament 's lower house .
jason thompson led the kings with 17 points , and demarcus cousins had 16 .
the company is currently scheduling xcelodose manufacturing productions for november and december , 2009 .
single payer national health insurance will provide health care for everyone , comprehensive care .
" it looks like a hoax to me , " one woman told sheridan .
he said : " we would like more jobs being created in the area .
pupils are due to start term at the uk 's first state-funded hindu school .
google 's os at this point is nothing more than the reinvention of unix .
the fair isle bird observatory trust ( fibot ) began raising funds last year .
a sweet little bass , of about a pound , rocketed from the surface .
the tournament has been playing catch-up since high winds forced suspension of play thursday .
maybe i 'm just one of those sentimental fools shaw held in such contempt .
to claim , enter " scotsmanoffer " on page 2 of the online checkout .
maliki 's relationship with the non-arab ethnic group has been a political roller coaster .
the plans were welcomed by the national association of pension funds ( napf ) .
they stretched their necks , way up , then down , into their chests .
" noomi rapace is outstanding as lisbeth salander , " his brother joakim raved .
his $ 16.5 million option was not picked up by the chicago white sox .
global demand for irrigation equipment was substantially lower than last year 's record levels .
the dow jones industrial average and standard & poor 's 500-stock index set highs .
a spokesman said it was in talks with trade union nipsa about the dispute .
i keep hearing that this bill will ultimately reduce electricity costs and create jobs .
police want to speak to witnesses who saw anyone acting unusually in the area .
it 's easy on fuel , very comfortable , prestigious and fun to drive .
the government will pay about £ 15bn for the majority stake in the bank .
paradoxically , america 's nie raises the alarm about just this sort of eventuality .
the vehicle initially failed to stop but eventually pulled over near the airport exit .
in other words , an almost full replacement of a laptop on the go .
he was a member of the royal and ancient golf club of st andrews .
miley isn 't the first star to be the subject of the fatal-car-accident rumor .
i wasn 't competing , and i had no sponsors , " she says .
the current fbi case agent was assigned to marcum 's case in november 2006 .
no matter how small its population , each gets at least three electoral votes .
the electronic frontier foundation had called for people to carefully review their privacy settings .
white sox reliever matt thornton pitched a perfect eighth and jenks a scoreless ninth .
many of his houston teammates were present at the announcement to show their support .
officials and experts believe the natanz facility has also had its share of problems .
kilpatrick 's saga has upended various aspects of michigan 's political and business life .
imports now account for about 70 percent of all the meat consumed in venezuela .
while carlos tevez sat on the bench , gutierrez scored in the first half .
the strategist requested anonymity because he is not authorized to talk about the matter .
a football tournament has also been organised by friends and family in his memory .
he said : " i remember dancing and chatting at the disco after dinner .
a look into some of the steps you can take to reduce your risk .
the auction is expected to raise $ 15 billion or more for the government .
with hayworth , american culture took its first steps toward separating sex from sinfulness .
among superdelegates who have made their choice known , obama has a 6-1 edge .
one of the exercises his students do is called " the perp walk . "
she reckoned the turnout in altgeld gardens was double that of the 2004 election .
elton frazier added 11 points and jovan robinson 10 points for the golden griffins .
it 's not the first time a death has occurred during a school trip .
and a roof was essential if you were going to have an observation tower .
hundreds of feet below , a golf course gives way to a strip mall .
it 's not 2004 anymore , but at fenway park it feels like it .
" this was not a crisis caused by developing countries , " she said .
the proxy statement was mailed to gmh shareholders starting on april 29 , 2008 .
animal regulation officers captured the fowl and shipped them to a farm in sylmar .
my mother and her sister , " ruth , " often have little skirmishes .
there is permission to turn the 7,000 sq ft edifice into a seven-storey home .
the german doctor was never extradited and never served his prison sentence in france .
all that is scant consolation now , not that young is looking for any .
an unflattering light now shines on cox , at least from shareholders ' view .
the office is urging people to ignore the letter and not visit the website .
the relative calm that has returned to markets beyond the gulf suggests as much .
the signs blamed thomas for the john f. kennedy assassinatoin and the housing crisis .
after all the data crunching they came up with some consistent and surprising insights .
the chemical was mixed into milk to give the appearance of higher protein content .
the couple has since reconciled and said they hope they can put the dec .
it makes sense that these bad folks would work in concert with each other .
the second shock is likely to be how small a manhattan apartment can be .
jones has been a tireless advocate of using the arts to generate social change .
lots of couples have made a split before finally getting back together for good .
veronica woodford , manager for cotswolds visitor information , said people were being cautious .
bush is due to meet lebanese prime minister fouad siniora in egypt on sunday .
it was reported that her pet was sitting beside her when she was found .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.05 gmt on monday 18 january 2010 .
keynes argued that governments , in extremis , could boost demand by digging holes .
american health care is designed to keep american workers enslaved by their corporate owners .
one area that kept this from being anything like the masters was the field .
a lawsuit he filed against toyota last year in california is currently in arbitration .
now they 've turned their zoning battle into a fight over the first amendment .
it inspired cable to back a campaign for people join the organ donor register .
sunday 's game was not shown on staples center 's giant exterior tv screen .
one problem say critics , is brazilian companies tend to have an insular focus .
ril is a fortune global 500 company , ranking in at the 175th position .
use a small sharp knife to mark the borders in a neat lattice pattern .
it was his sixth game in the outfield in four big league seasons . ...
for parents like butler and kids like samaya , that means the wait continues .
england had some late pressure in stoppage time but could not find the equaliser .
" due to political reasons , research on paintings in central asia is scarce .
kara dioguardi said it reminded her of adam lambert , last season 's runner-up .
since the spring , the bulls have been back in control on wall street .
" rabbits are good , provided you eat them , " said robert vale .
now he 's become the network 's chief liaison to hollywood 's creative community .
a shot at the bowl championship series title game also could be in play .
bunning called out from the rear of the chamber , raising his right hand .
recent gps data suggests this region , too , is shifting to the northeast .
if you 're like most people , you won 't invest those tax savings .
sarah could have come here and made a media circus , " he said .
the motorway will be closed in both directions during this period and traffic diverted .
the 31-year-old burress shot himself in the thigh at a manhattan nightclub in november .
mukasey has served as the nation 's chief law enforcement official since last winter .
so he 's a very , very sick young man , " she explained .
the fact that she closed the show will help her chances of coming back .
i enjoy playing tennis , love skiing and enjoy watching rugby and other sports .
my job demands that i maintain a balance of athletic strength and muscular precision .
the way things are going , this could be more than a shotgun wedding .
" this means not going too close and always keeping dogs on a lead .
" it is progress , but it is not enough , " he said .
officers said it would cost " about £ 500,000 " to police the event .
in the end , the real question is whether jpmorgan provided less-senior credit financing .
let 's make that question : how much do looks matter in story selection ?
what a bunch of fools we are to even bother to buy the books .
earlier this this more than 65,000 households in the town received glass recycling boxes .
young people caught dropping litter in a south yorkshire town are facing tougher punishments .
then again , what 's the difference between any of these places and luton ?
when you find an institution that will take you , pull out your checklist .
they have to determine how and why so that it doesn 't happen again .
seven years ago , beet breeders were on the verge of introducing roundup-resistant seeds .
school officials estimate that about 55,000 students will graduate with the class of 2009 .
he gabbled something about younger ones not being allowed on stage under british law .
my consulting room is separated from the adjacent waiting room by two parallel walls .
i was having trouble seeing the board , which is usually the common thing .
most news in american papers is local news - the parish pump mentality endures .
but the school system ran out of money and put the plan on hold .
and let 's not forget that the cost of gas is now about double .
but paramount decided peli 's raw little fright film could stand on its own .
there 's a lot of focus on the political impact of the 2010 count .
brent north sea crude for delivery in july rose 40 cents to 69.11 dollars .
trade has become another flash point between the countries that share a 2,000-mile border .
but nor is there any evidence that suggests we must resort to panic measures .
a fortnight before ieuan evans had caught rory underwood half-asleep at the arms park .
but when , i wonder , did she get the time to write it ?
1114 - england 9-1 i blame bad mick , you bad , bad man .
after the attack , bullet holes dotted three sides of the concrete-brick guard post .
skin and respiratory diseases are rife , but going to a hospital risks arrest .
the sony pictures classics release expands across the united states throughout june and july .
carroll spoke to players about the problem in the locker room after the game .
people were screaming ' jesus , jesus ' and running in all directions . "
france has said burma is on the verge of committing a crime against humanity .
nonetheless , the move reflected growing palestinian frustration with the deadlock in peace efforts .
and even if he does , there is little chance they will follow orders .
being around it all day puts you off eating , " mr forster said .
when we cross that stage on may 18th , we will be morehouse men .
oh , come on , chicken little , the sky isn 't actually falling ...
it 's not terribly edifying , but it 's part of what we are .
if a person does recover it is likely that they will be severely disabled .
they are asking people to avoid the area to prevent distress to the animal .
he was seconded to the diplomatic service and became a successful consul-general in hanoi .
" the system will not be there , " mr mccain said , bluntly .
he pushed avery then was hit from behind by new york 's frederik sjostrom .
china is now australia 's second-biggest market for agricultural goods , and the fastest-growing .
it was the first official word from sirius on its race to save itself .
last year the afghan government eradicated 5,000 hectares of about 159,000 that were cultivated .
the question is , and always has been , who will pay for it ?
the current product mix boasts laptop cpus , which under perform their desktop cousins .
almost one-third of kids are at least overweight ; about 17 percent are obese .
do you really think obama can be elected despite this liability ? ? ? ?
there is a stone in my chest and it is still hanging there . "
since the global economic crisis they have been regarded as saviours in south korea .
he was treated with a drug called levadopa , and his symptoms virtually vanished .
whitt 's court-appointed attorney , robert l. abell , declined comment after the hearing .
this is a favorite quote of conservatives , as it speaks to individual responsibility .
abc news ' michael s. james and the associated press contributed to this report .
darling insisted that it was his duty to be " straight " with people .
that said , most of rall 's combat victories were against fighters not bombers .
" we then start taking the tumour out and can keep repeating the scans .
the long-term impact of another increase in oil production by opec isn 't clear .
houston , may 22 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- carrizo oil & gas , inc .
having destroyed a local industry , duchovny then sued for $ 25m over royalties .
as solutions go , it is quicker , more efficient and far less painful .
" if they 're happy , i 'll be happy , " she said .
the consumer-friendly fox 50 slid 26.83 points , or 3.85 % , to 670.55 .
gates , left , met with maj. gen. nick carter at kandahar air base .
" the four clubs have had a monopoly on it , " he said .
" now we 've opened up and we 've shown flexibility to laws . "
and pile says to consider who you 're corresponding with during your work time .
al-maliki claimed the agreement was a key stepping stone towards iraq gaining full sovereignty .
obama already postponed the visit once , angering u.s. lawmakers and human rights groups .
with airlines now incredibly strict on overweight luggage , you need one of these .
blu-ray titles , once a feeble trickle , now pour out of manufacturing plants .
he added the plant had now been reclassified as critically endangered rather than extinct .
forced marriage protection orders ( fmpos ) issued by the government have passed 100 .
there are many people , however , who are ready to take the ride .
mark sanchez made the opposite decision , leaving southern california after one excellent season .
eide said the matter was of " grave concern " to the united nations .
of course , the republicans need another senator and this guy fits right in .
" all the decisions we are taking are to be fair to hard-working people .
both she and the president testified that they had not had a sexual relationship .
shameen says when her sister was killed , her parents turned a blind eye .
that 's why they 're talking about only extending the life for six months .
in addition , the nature of the route becomes as important as the distance .
it also listed banks including rbs , hsbc , natwest , abbey and lloydstsb .
comment : how dare you put down the greatest country on earth like that .
so what did these modern scientist do about it , you might ask ? ?
bess , portrayed by mamie gummer with inspired comic briskness , is just 20 .
the damages , it is claimed , would cover back pay and front pay .
certainly the events of april 4 did nothing to change my mind about that .
so , this probably isn 't the expected cool mom way to discipline kids .
the two sides have voted tactically together , mainly to counter yushchenko 's interests .
joe mauer , michael cuddyer and mike lamb all singled in runs for minnesota .
in the meantime , de luca and diaco launched their effort on the web .
nato-led coalition forces in kandahar were not targeted , the military said in kabul .
simple , use a keyboard and mouse , that we 're already familiar with .
johnston , a wasilla heartthrob , said he wanted to set the record straight .
and his voice still evokes some wistful anger type quality that 's so compelling .
she then struck him in the face and told harth to get a knife .
one of the factors behind soaring gas prices is earlier under-spending in gas storage .
he left the nhl in 2008 to join avangard omsk in the russian league .
it is a quiet office , everyone works individually and phone calls are rare .
if they do as they are told , aubry is on track to win .
" it 's an inhumane act against poor sectors in the palestinian society . "
the slight problem with big papi is that he 's a little too big .
she declined to give further details , saying a briefing would be held later .
the dow fell nearly 116 points on tuesday and surged almost 500 on monday .
after the incident , the tsa removed capt. james langenhahn from the program .
the park is a joint venture between walt disney and the hong kong government .
cinepolis and cinemex operate 13 of the nation 's 25 most profitable theater complexes .
his case was that labor must play a role in determining israel 's future .
yakubu 's international team-mate joseph yobo is back in contention having returned on wednesday .
aides said privately he appeared several times to be on the verge of death .
but they 've told customers they may get about 10 percent less than ordered .
jewish groups wanted the process frozen until more vatican archives are opened to scholars .
john frohnmeyer , nea chairman , called a press conference to defend the film .
in london , brent crude for november delivery rose 37 cents to $ 71.30 .
a five-year-old boy led cas into a shack on the side of the river .
he said china 's increase in spending would help it meet various security threats .
michelle obama 's visits to homeless shelters and soup kitchens have not gone unnoticed .
( nlng ) between 1995 and 2004 to build lng facilities on bonny island .
washington federal , a seattle thrift , accepted $ 200 million from the government .
yet there is still a chance for his dreadful death to make a difference .
but the patriots shrugged off the criticism and kept focusing on the next opponent .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.07 gmt on wednesday 4 november 2009 .
" training with goats and monkeys is inhumane and violates military animal welfare regulations .
byetta is not for people with type 1 diabetes or people with diabetic ketoacidosis .
meanwhile , the rest of us can support british farmers through our shopping habits .
so wozniak had to quickly clarify that he had not bolted from the iphone .
1996 ( wembley ) : corner leads to fa cup winner for eric cantona .
notes : wallace played his second game since breaking his right leg on feb .
soon , comments appeared on more than 50 blogs attesting to shelfari 's greatness .
one can imagine the surprise of the barman who went to serve gareth anderson .
later she starts to design her own oufits and her unusual style gets noticed .
kenneth clarke pushed his way in because of his dogged fight against lord mandelson .
the two sides have accused the other of provoking the two-minute battle on tuesday .
sticky green stems or old money notes are put between pages from the koran .
she said that private tutoring " discriminated against children from lower income families . "
neither horse was supposed to have any chance against a seemingly invincible belmont favorite .
this pressure should have been expected , however , and factored into pandemic planning .
and that , critics say , means there can 't be a reliable recount .
hats off to booker and delingpole for breaking the climategate story of the decade .
williams ' second-round opponent wednesday will be jarmila groth , who is ranked 69th .
the scarlet knights handed the huskies their lone loss of the season on feb .
she is featured on our gadgets show which will be broadcast on june 17 .
according to the sunday times , the case involves allegations of drugs and sex .
" my mother stepped on a land mine as she ran to help me .
it belonged to margaret gwyer , a newly-wed who embarked on the ill-fated lusitania .
the stunt was to celebrate the queen 's silver jubilee and made national news .
sales were off by 9.7 per cent compared with the previous january , however .
a strike could also leave the hosts of the big hollywood awards shows speechless .
so he looks good and is confident for the season , " said saleteg .
when dill started there , she also babysat for cromer 's daughter , etienne .
the dead men were not carrying identification documents but were believed to be african .
nbc colleague matt lauer , speaking to santelli on the today show on feb .
the jury will be instructed to convict him if it finds either charge true .
the university of pennsylvania press has a summary of " the organisation man . "
the ending was delayed as disappointed fans littered the ice with drinks and popcorn .
in asia , property-related borrowing is heavily curtailed compared with america 's pre-crisis boom .
tracking devices use the global positioning system ( gps ) to locate the wearer .
ramos will also take the players on a pre-season training camp for two weeks .
this is not the way we expect people to be treated in our country .
his avowed belief was to put social responsibility before the amassing of great wealth .
what state is holding a special election for one of its u.s. senate seats ?
the post office is to close 38 branches across northern ireland beginning next month .
they broke into the homestead and kicked the 150 workers out of their homes .
montgomery county has 313,706 , baltimore county has 298,053 and baltimore city has 290,028 .
one of the most hallowed sites in the city is being vacated by hsbc .
serving british troops in afghanistan held their own two-minute silence at 11am local time .
cutler was drafted by denver as the 11th overall pick in the 2006 draft .
the next biggest increases were in kansas , puerto rico , indiana and ohio .
a total of 253 uk forces personnel have been killed in afghanistan since 2001 .
women have risen to pole political positions in many countries , including the uk .
net income rose to sfr334m , beating the consensus forecast of a sfr51m loss .
certainly none of them will be as heart-tugging as the masters provided on sunday .
however the fall in imports of machinery and transport equipment is potentially more serious .
net profit from continuing operations fell to 66.5 million euros from 197.2 million euros .
the czech republic is allocated 22 out of the eu parliament 's 736 seats .
next story in real estate home prices are down , so why not insurance ?
in 2000 , pope john paul ii became the first pope to visit israel .
" basically it was interpreted as a 100 percent chance , " he said .
proof that scary can have its appeal , behrouz soars through to boot camp .
something i can chew on the whole weekend - i have a dream ii .
fans still want a piece -- any piece -- of the late luther vandross .
there were too many people in there telling us we had the wrong handbag .
cin _ goodman 5 pass from mauk ( rogers kick ) , : 24 .
mr england said the wall had sheered away next to a table and chairs .
survivors of the deadly cyclone nargis work on a roof near the pyapon river .
the second , the great rabbit rescue , will be published later this year .
kitna 's chances to make plays were limited by tampa bay 's methodical offense .
if they really wanna catch somebody , scan the photos on credit cards .
they intended doing up the inverness-shire cottage they 'd bought and renting it out .
he is judging the safety of various forms of energy supply on workplace safety .
fifteen of the 31 politicians who attend shadow cabinet meetings have paid outside jobs .
these companies are not start-ups ; they all have strong financials and established customers .
and after a high-level white house meeting tuesday , shah briefed the news media .
kenya will party for two days , after the president declared a national holiday .
lance cpl. rick j. centanni , 19 , of yorba linda , calif .
the allegations involve a number of island institutions and organisations dating back 40 years .
the brazilian was the last man , but referee peter frojdfeldt waved play on .
" it doesn 't necessarily have to be north korea , " he said .
the new board , elected in fall 2006 , is composed of political newcomers .
one time , no opponent showed up , so he sparred with a video .
the states of guernsey has abandoned plans to build a £ 93m energy-to-waste incinerator .
he said the man had been charged with making an explosive for unlawful purposes .
ms. brundage warned that mr. obama would not accept efforts to weaken the bill .
tagged with aig , china strategic , chinatrust , nan shan life , primus .
he said risks related to social security and medicare could also affect the rating .
substitutes not used : warner ( gk ) , halmosi , boateng , cooper .
gov. arnold schwarzenegger announced a special session of the legislature that ends oct .
opposition treasury spokesman joe hockey broadened the attack to include more ministers and rudd .
" you have a need in an evolutionary sense for both money and women .
last year , alternative fuels powered the earthrace speed boat during its around-the-world cruise .
hawkins backed legislation that helped homemakers enter the job market after divorce or widowhood .
instead , much of the rhetoric seems to be about disrupting the g20 meeting .
but for some local opponents , the site is still not far enough away .
he 's been added to the party and he 's a contender for selection .
pbs could actually live up to its mandate to educate and inform the public .
a funeral service will be held friday at st. edwards ' church in athelhampton .
some of the democratic missteps started almost immediately after planning for the event began .
so far investigators have recovered few assets remaining from pearlman 's former entertainment empire .
7 , two months after production was suspended because of a writers ' strike .
i have to accept that this recovery is going to be slow and painful .
cnn senior political analyst bill schneider provides answers to questions about the florida primaries .
one might argue that bondholders should have been punished for their errors long ago .
at the time , residents readily acknowledged that janaat-ud-dawad was the successor to lashkar-e-taiba .
amorikot primary school is an example of why this complementary role is so important .
she also works nine-hour shifts , giving her one day off every two weeks .
no plea or declaration was made and the case was continued for further inquiry .
ryan has been awarded the divisional commander 's community award by south nottinghamshire police .
though just a few pennies on the dollar , grocery taxes can add up .
business slowed in 2001 , then all but died after the attacks of sept .
it was 8 : 15 when i finally pushed the kids out the door .
that 's the highest level since before the credit crisis erupted in late 2008 .
it 's not as if golding pretended to a rosy view of human nature .
other major carmakers are rushing to get alternative-fuel vehicles on the road as well .
just think of the huge potential cost savings from eliminating an unnecessary redundant agency .
there have been significant changes in the election law , both federally and locally .
police lt. dave wallace says water was mentioned but the context wasn 't clear .
they pressed a semi-automatic handgun to the head of a 32-year-old man working there .
weekly quiz - how much do you know about the england team ? 1 .
bank of america said it will launch the new mortgage aid program in december .
a tearful mccoy told bbc sport : " i 'm being a big wuss .
there has , regrettably , been precious little follow-up to obama 's afpak strategy .
that saw widespread post-election violence after pro-reform protesters accused authorities of rigging the vote .
the strongest scenes come in the unsentimental tug of war between mother and son .
for much of the second half , rutgers still could not get things going .
" young players , young boys , rich boys , this is the problem .
time is called and the players are on court with murray to serve first .
i used to support president barack obama , but barack obama is a hypocrite .
it looked like a half-cooked eraser with dreams of someday becoming a prostitute . "
wall street will certainly battle forcefully against such lawsuits , if investors bring them .
mr williams went missing on monday with jason tavaria , 29 , who survived .
or is it just simple psychology - people want a justification to eat more ?
" i told him the other day , ' you don 't have positions .
since then , they have emerged as two of college football 's dominant quarterbacks .
carl van vechten played up her exoticism ; lola álvarez bravo played it down .
the letter was repeatedly erased from websites by state censors but remains in circulation .
thirty-nine seconds later , iverson scored his first basket on a running jump shot .
" it is an ecological disaster , " said yiannis sgouros , athens prefect .
still , some people still were out enjoying the water , albeit with caution .
police said residents of the house and guests had been socializing throughout the evening .
" the problem was exclusively with the transmission lines , " he said wednesday .
meanwhile , nigerians are left wondering if yar 'adua even was on that flight .
mps voted last year in favour of a 100 % elected house of lords .
they complained that they were deprived of food and water and that toilets overflowed .
" his brothers saw the body : it 's his , " olvera said .
decade of hotness winner halle berry proves she 's worthy to presenter jamie foxx .
moves like that can win over employees and make the letdown a little easier .
but don 't let those huge numbers distract you from two very small ones .
however , mr pandit expressed confidence in the company and the future stock price .
it also highlights the difficulty of proving that the trade center dust sickened workers .
popular science was the winner of the 2004 national magazine award for general excellence .
redrow 's approach to writing down landbank & wip and implications for share price .
ryan thompson is two years younger and five inches shorter than his big bro .
inventories of unsold were 4.58 million , the highest level since may , 1989 .
with this method , accuracy depends in part on the density of cell sites .
crist 's request doesn 't indicate how much victims ' care is costing florida .
but chamisa says two other rallies will go ahead as planned in the capital .
this is until they are satisfied with how the charity is spending its money .
zelikow advocated for a broad independent inquiry of possible abuses of law and process .
more information about the contest can be found at http : / / www.bodybymilk.com.
a 17-year-old local youth is due before kendal magistrates ' court on 29 july .
his father was bouvier 's second husband , standard oil heir hugh auchincloss jr .
the total for the paramount-distributed adventure rose to $ 253 million after three weekends .
the remains of the three men were buried together yesterday at arlington national cemetery .
good future trade for the lightning who get a couple of youngsters with upside .
while they bounced up and down and hugged each other , she was quiet .
it said at the time it would look to sell or de-merge the business .
meanwhile , david miliband , foreign secretary , also gave an oath of loyalty .
witnesses told police mckenzie pinned the woman to the ground while krzykowski hit her .
" we want to elevate them in a new status in a constitutional document .
wilson had two movies in production and two more upcoming releases to help promote .
mthetwa said they were arrested and would appear in court tuesday on murder charges .
the other agencies involved are a warwick associates , fusion people and henry recruitment .
the americans moved faster but the british took a week to join the fray .
another is an accomplice of mr. peoples 's with whom prosecutors cut a deal .
the obama administration , unlike its predecessor , talks of ratifying the test-ban treaty .
opposition activists in kyrgyzstan have been holding a hunger strike protest for two weeks .
my absolute favorite and a must for myself with grilled cheese is tomato soup !
a pizza hut " cheesy bites " hawaiian pizza has a whopping 2,538 calories .
the award for boldest attempted-edit , however , has to go to this endeavour .
and i had to stop taking anti-inflammatory drugs , since they impede bone healing .
30 , while another former teammate , chuck knoblauch , was invited for jan .
i greet a man squatting with his family , " how you doing ? "
politically , signing off on the inevitable budget butchering should have been a slam-dunk .
uncertainty will drive service applications , " doc # 213028 , july 2008 ) .
the overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion industry is his top domestic policy priority .
but by end of third series cleese had lost enthusiasm and decided to leave .
but she also cited the 1992 contest that ended with bill clinton 's nomination .
but saddam hussein went further , inscribing his name on many of the bricks .
" but i am not worried , i will have time for that later .
the argument about graduate tax is usually conducted strictly with reference to student finance .
dallas , which plays monday night at buffalo , is the other unbeaten club .
there 's also the initial investment , which can be considerable , he said .
two big anxieties hang like dark clouds over the voters ' minds this november .
they watch and listen for a moment ; then , they 're off again .
there 's a reason you 're a beat writer , not a gm ! !
still , there 's nothing wrong with the way this car goes around corners .
nice article , but i 'm really not sure that parenthetical aside was justified .
boards of the international monetary fund and world bank will meet saturday and sunday .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.03 gmt on thursday 29 october 2009 .
simpson has insisted he was merely retrieving items that had been stolen from him .
i explore the grounds , wandering through the topiary garden to the private chapel .
" whatever anyone says about paul scholes , i have said it as well .
some doctors recommend these people take the drug ursodeoxycholic acid to prevent gallstone formation .
their new facility will have 30kw of solar power for energy savings and demonstration .
but two separate analyses by the nonpartisan congressional budget office offered far lower estimates .
" we humans swim laps , and people take comfort in walking in circles .
on the campaign trail , senator mccain talks about spending american tax dollars responsibly .
a rare subspecies nests in trees near the river and nowhere else in belize .
but when his question was dismissed , he failed to act on his suspicions .
srm 's view of a fair price would be more than 400p a share .
cnn : at the end of the video , you reveal a new tattoo .
he struck out seven and still has only one victory in 13 road starts .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 23.25 bst on monday 29 march 2010 .
more details will be provided in the group 's forthcoming annual report and accounts .
you try and give them the message that a lot of people gave you .
two nights later he sang better , though his upper register still sounded weak .
she remains in contact with the consortium members who tried to buy northern rock .
the footballer spoke of his anguish over the death of 19-year-old amy leigh barnes .
like spitzer , sulzer hoped for vindication in the higher court of public opinion .
cnn : is [ president-elect barack obama ] the guy to pull this economy ?
sarah mccarthy-fry , mp for portsmouth north , said she was " appalled . "
six communist party workers have been killed in clashes with rebels in the area .
he said quite clearly that the arresting cops acted ... that 's acted stupidly .
bulldozers destroyed the mud-walled homes the afghans had built to replace the original tents .
in february 1938 , he told her : " be afraid of my love .
zednik , a 12-year veteran , is in his first season with the panthers .
salafism grew out of yemen 's close relationship with its ultra-religious neighbor saudi arabia .
steve mason , the nhl 's top rookie in november , made 19 saves .
officials in kingston said two honduran fishing vessels have been seized in recent days .
georgia tech ran for 349 yards and six touchdowns and had 484 total yards .
following animal tracks brought me to the place where the first snowdrops usually bloom .
she also wanted to set the record straight about her relationship with her husband .
however , these are linked to share-price growth against a group of comparable companies .
tamils in the camps describe being fired on by both sides in the conflict .
life is to be enjoyed , and i am an adventurous and passionate person .
we overnighted at a hotel in troutdale , then headed to the bike trail .
the charges are linked to the unrest which followed the recent disputed presidential poll .
australia play their first match on saturday , when they take on west indies .
a second man who was in the van was taken to lincoln county hospital .
neighbors said the children often rode bicycles and walked their dog around the neighborhood .
there 's a lot that goes into growing a competition-ready goatee , merrill said .
the downturn in britain is showing its teeth on the country 's high streets .
once there , pellegrino implies , your story ends and your troubles are over .
ainsworth asked ashman to provide a dna sample , and the family learned oct .
it found the church put its own reputation ahead of the welfare of children .
djokovic has won two masters events this year as well as the australian open .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.26 bst on monday 25 october 2010 .
it warns that such a combination " would not normally be considered acceptable . "
10 / prnewswire / -- hometown football comes to north jersey friday ( sept .
i don 't hate the real or fictional racial refugees who abandoned the tribe .
but they are incompatible with each other , and neither works on older players .
australian open organizers expected more than $ 185,00 was raised for the earthquake victims .
trials take place in public , and they have been known to advance understanding .
a new ford focus , for example , will emit 115 grams per kilometer .
philadelphia and cincinnati tried their luck with john carlos and tommie smith , respectively .
" what we see influences how we co-ordinate our limbs , " he said .
according to miller samuel , it was up to $ 917,000 from $ 840,000 .
green drafted moss in 1998 , when moss took the n.f.l. by storm .
you are here : home / energy resources / kurdish oil announcement false start ?
one striking case displays two perfectly matched leopards , symbols of benin 's monarchy .
2 for two days while doctors performed a common non-surgical procedure for cardiac arrhythmia .
on the eve of four coal miners ' funerals , they have filled 91 .
musharraf 's 1999 coup ousted sharif , who later was exiled to saudi arabia .
they were published last year and now many of them will be performed again .
how else could disney hacks have trumped actual , y 'know , musical talent ?
the streak ended on the ninth when weekley saved par out of the sand .
she was freed about 50 minutes later by firefighters with an aerial ladder platform .
on wednesday , hilton appeared in court in shackles and an orange prison jumpsuit .
turkey conducted two dozen large-scale incursions into iraq between the late 1980s and 1997 .
and he was a nice one - cheerily letting you off if he could .
also for that reason , said schwartz , antibiotics are given to the patient .
meanwhile , congress should pass legislation that specifically authorizes ssa / dhs information sharing .
fox news ' wendell goler and foxnews.com 's sharon kehnemui contributed to this report .
carter is a fraud who described lester maddox as a " loyal democrat . "
but as my family has learned , postponing key decisions can be costly too .
sony ericsson is a mobile phone joint venture between sony and sweden 's ericsson .
maxwell pointed out that there are concerns about natural gas and heating oil prices .
i 'm making the decision -- but i never do anything in a vacuum .
we have now gone past the british total at the antwerp games of 1928 .
they were down 69 cents at $ 94.26 on the new york stock exchange .
" this is not ' wal-mart didn 't know what was going on . '
north , henry bethe , had a difficult second bid and tried four hearts .
big lie and mob violence : ideal methods for frightening and intimidating the people .
consider typography to be the window into the soul of the candidate 's campaign .
their best effort to open a campaign was 11 wins in the 1997-98 season .
then he asked to depart the plane quickly in order to minimize the disturbance .
when the weather outside is frightful , the caribbean is oh , sooooo delightful .
barter was big during the great depression , when cash was in short supply .
anyone with information should call officers on 01656 679529 or crimestoppers on 0800 555111 .
but in march of 1979 , richardson escaped from the kissimmee work release center .
a rise in the number of short-term offenders has been partly blamed for overcrowding .
it was the country 's deadliest coal mine accident in more than a year .
but the open warfare between the two companies has sparked questions about the decision .
chuckle at the draftniks who are mocking the nfl first round in their sleep .
but they also suffer from cramped keyboards , dinky screens and relatively pokey processors .
five south korean tourists also were shot in the marpi area of the island .
the cap-and-trade system has been called cap-and-tax and i think for some good reasons .
lee believes that he has been victimised by a subversive element within the club .
viktors savins is chairman of arco development , the biggest property developer in latvia .
also under debate is an imclone antibody , imc-11f8 , that is under development .
a spokeswoman for the coal group said it would respond to markey 's questions .
the shiite officer he was referring to stood next to him at the shrine .
the influential u.s.-based defense expert anthony cordesman has called it a " defeat . "
the earnings report of ups and railroad freight companies indicate that trade is surging .
she remembers an upsetting incident when a headmistress chastised her for working too much .
that day in june , there was an open mike for rapping and singing .
city have already boosted their squad this week by re-signing shaun wright-phillips from chelsea .
he joined the firm in 2005 as executive vice president and chief legal officer .
4 that williamson " absolutely and unequivocally distance himself " from his holocaust denial .
back in the kayaks , we glided over coral reefs and shimmering grass flats .
the amount of procalciton present accurately reflects how the body is responding to antibiotics .
selles presented his findings at the annual meeting of the european society of cardiology .
learn from horticulturist bill johnson how to create a spectacular wreath of fresh greens .
that 's what i don 't get-- what is the neoconservative endgame here ?
the government , rather than contributing to a rebound , is making matters worse .
mcpeak , who served under clinton and the first president bush , was skeptical .
like the author , bobby clark leads a dissolute life from a young age .
were they protesting how asian football has been held hostage by all of this ?
" the train was extremely busy and only two carriages were open to passengers .
the richmond store will receive $ 100,000 from the lottery for selling the ticket .
he was later found in the grounds of a house near alvechurch , worcestershire .
it is vital that the economic aid reaches the people rather than being squandered .
my father didn 't just leave the family home , he left the country .
sir stelios owns about 114m shares , or 27 per cent , of easyjet .
riley went on his own birdie-eagle-birdie-birdie-birdie streak to reach 7 under through seven holes .
to the driver , the fixed ratios feel and function like a conventional automatic .
fourth-quarter net earnings amounted to sfr403m , compared with a sfr1.7bn loss in 2008 .
the " world " sat by nervously wondering what would happen in the us .
she spent 20 years in the oil and gas industry before entering public service .
over recent years , it has absorbed district nursing societies and home help services .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.48 gmt on tuesday 2 march 2010 .
the article does not explain how cadmium is making its way into the ecosystem .
since i 'm posting it from hawaii , i 've added a polynesian twist .
there were frequent torrential downpours as it was just coming into the rainy season .
the 26-year-old woman slapped shafer , and he slapped her back , moyers said .
det ch insp simon walker said his death was now being treated as murder .
mr gibson , the double bassist , said that the orchestra had come together .
local customer service and stringent service level agreements all reinforce the overall customer experience .
the sanmenxia dam has been closed to prevent the contamination from passing further downstream .
they men claim the bullet broke the rear window and bounced off the windshield .
many members of the subcommittee receive campaign contributions from banks and other financial institutions .
the bold coast east of acadia national park offers a landscape unchanged through time .
after the pope , a wide variety of people will take over the reading .
to be determined : whether a nicotine patch delivers the benefits without the risks .
how much more bad luck are arsenal going to have with injuries this season ?
he 's out there making sure that the quality stays up to our standard .
however , the british government is responsible for decisions on defense and foreign policy .
clark spent nine months in jail in 2006 after pleading guilty to statutory rape .
" unfortunately , the government is not taking any solid steps to improve security .
japan 's junya koga claimed silver and south africa 's gerhard zandberg earned bronze .
the philippines ' key index rose 13.6 points , or 0.5pc , to 2,963.24 .
the knicks will battle to the end with the 76ers , wizards and pacers .
landby said " several hundred " people braved subzero temperatures to watch the games .
an aviation source said the plane belonged to sunair , a khartoum-based private airline .
the result was 44 percent fewer deaths than among children not sleeping under nets .
" it 's too much for the rank-and-file to swallow , " he said .
that , in turn , allows me to concentrate on returning to work properly .
it 's also , to many , a metaphor for taking one 's life .
yes , rachel , i too have long been puzzled by robert 's hair .
after 2 years , it was ready to be driven to the junk dealer !
however , i 'm discovering the new gym and i are a poor fit .
they should be an important part of the arsenal for obama , the president .
this time , the matadors hope to enjoy a longer stay at the top .
do you have any tips for a listener about how to learn about jazz ?
some traders , however , were sceptical the stakebuilding would lead to a bid .
i was with a wonderful man and we were planning to start a family .
koizumi promised to bust it all up and introduce market competition in the process .
i think i 'd pay more for a tv not so full of itself .
for many years i didn 't even have a phone , " he added .
if they hire people and operate businesses they have to comply with the law .
when adjusted for inflation , airfares are now 50 percent cheaper than before deregulation .
runawaybrideandgroom.com can attest to the allure of globetrotting and the power of viral marketing .
justin merritt , from harlow , essex , is also released on police bail .
neuroscientists are exploring how brain and body make sense of our most ephemeral resource .
previously , she had not lost since wimbledon last summer against frenchwoman marion bartoli .
in wednesday trade , resource issues took a hit on worries about slowing demand .
the indictment against mohammed wali zazi was unsealed by brooklyn federal prosecutors on monday .
i therefore have some qualms about this production of ibsen 's great feminist drama .
michael blosil apparently jumped from his los angeles apartment window friday night , e !
instead voters took note of the dismal state of the economy and turned away .
what did king 's personal papers reveal about his strategies for achieving his goals ?
but almost no one from the us was in davos to hear their complaints .
the rockets have lost five of eight since a franchise-record , 22-game winning streak .
" which of course made him ten times more attractive to all the models .
it 's simply no longer the best barometer of the country 's economic health .
you only need one minor element of black blood to be defined as black .
the company is planning its next project , also to be in southwest yonkers .
banking stocks took a sudden tumble after the release of mr geithner 's testimony .
my digital camera research is not an invitation to bombard with digital camera ads .
sampras and ivan lendl topped the list six times , but never five straight .
the 16-year-old had been stabbed in the neck , possibly with a glass bottle .
researchers used sophisticated mri scans to compare the brains of paedophiles and non-sexual criminals .
we are slowly sinking , and the beltway blue bloods are " clueless . "
backup sammy morris has logged back-to-back 100-yard games , carrying 21 times in each .
the wi-fi-only ipads available now are $ 499 , $ 599 or $ 699 .
brooks barnes reported from los angeles and david carr from park city , utah .
while it indicated earnings may surpass analysts ' average forecast , its shares fell .
i helped resolve trading issues involving tens -- hundreds -- of millions of dollars .
i saw him on tv last night and he had trouble defending his position .
a quarter named the war in iraq , and somewhat fewer said health care .
corporate jets pay a fraction of the taxes and fees that commercial airliners do .
thus the confluence of john mccain and abba 's take a chance on me .
there is no community here -- or on the streets of any other city .
1933 - king abd-al-aziz 's eldest son , saud , is named crown prince .
a third of hospitals did not have the recommended level of attendance by consultants .
he also emphasized that a womanʼs role in society should extend further into society .
google , however , has been increasingly aggressive in broadening its reach beyond search .
they didn 't play their best match against italy , but they are growing .
all had been tested and found to be in excellent health before their flight .
for most of the 20th century , the tee made things so much easier .
a west midlands police spokesman said he could not comment on dame maureen specifically .
we had a statement on the site about refunds before 9am the next day .
danks lasted 6 1-3 innings , giving up four hits and the two runs .
a day after going 0-for-10 with runners on base , the yankees were 2-for-14 .
the offer can be withdrawn by axa and / or amp at any time .
tice has not been arrested , but has been called a person of interest .
others argued that the tax revenue that could be recouped was worth the price .
the french-colombian betancourt was abducted as she campaigned for president of colombia in 2002 .
the poll by the washington-based glevum associates surveyed 3,556 voting-age afghans nationwide in mid-july .
companies may not have much choice but to open up , says mr mulholland .
much of the information is gathered anonymously , without links to people 's names .
the snakes are breeding in the everglades , where they have no natural predators .
nadya suleman gets offer from porn company to pay off her house , if ...
" we have a lot on our plate right now , " he said .
marquette ( 24-9 ) vs. kentucky ( 18-12 ) , 2 : 30 p.m.
another publicist wrangled fey , telling her , " this is the pre-show . "
75 james anderson and monty panesar 's last stand , swalec stadium , 2009 .
7 fanned dozens of fires into raging infernos that reduced entire towns to ashes .
alcantara wept softly for much of the ceremony , clutching a tiny american flag .
he was , it seemed , more than a little afraid of tahir mahmoodi-oskui .
for the latter part of his life , he never stopped fretting over vietnam .
critics allege that musharraf imposed the emergency rule so he could remain in power .
" caveats deny me the ability to plan and prosecute , " mcneill said .
in those three games , martinez gave up 3 earned runs and 18 hits .
and in the case of a search , that address contains the search terms .
he also was charged with feticide in the death of ann 's unborn child .
the explosion blasted the sitting room wall into a stairwell and blew out windows .
by the end of the 1970s both twins were involved in trade union politics .
stallworth was recently released from jail after serving 24 days for the dui conviction .
don 't forget to plan on food and possibly a motel along the way .
losing boozer to free agency in july would be a blow to the franchise .
the masters gets underway on thursday week with american zach johnson the defending champion .
zanu-pf has no intention of unity - they only want one president - mugabe .
ireland 's taoiseach earns more than the uk 's prime minister , gordon brown .
palau has a muslim population of about 500 , mostly migrant workers from bangladesh .
" we 're not doing anything here with it , " dr. vogelzang said .
the extra seemed less complex than the divers , with more bitterness from hops .
edwards ' mistress , rielle hunter , has sued young for invasion of privacy .
it averaged 3.42 million , or 8.2 percent of the workforce , in 2009 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.41 gmt on monday 15 february 2010 .
krzyzewski said that showed the growth and passion for the sport around the world .
tempura-style soft-shell crab was the crunchiest , meatiest soft-shell crab i had all summer .
i delivered the facts clearly enough , but i stumbled on the lesson part .
it was neither the longest nor the shortest speech of his time in office .
he said 40 people were wounded , including nine who were in critical condition .
palin said it was all empty rhetoric amid " those styrofoam greek columns . "
the rich are the gardians of freedom for they have the most to lose .
it 's not like mccain has many other options to reach the white house .
he said : " as far as we are concerned , nothing really happened .
mi5 is also in the country investigating links to suspected terrorist plotters in britain .
carmel , ind . , july 29 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- conseco , inc .
lee 's two-run drive three batters into the game gave chicago a 2-0 lead .
they could easily be treated with drugs to prevent bone loss , researchers say .
the shanghai index technically entered a bear market , losing 20 percent since aug .
they lost their captain , andrew strauss , but otherwise were not too troubled .
in sicily , rocco sabato scored an 81st-minute winner as catania beat cagliari 2-1 .
though revenues are stagnant in many retail organizations , costs are viewed as controllable .
mr buffett also dismissed the us government 's stress tests on bank balance sheets .
" actresses like keira knightley and kate beckinsale - they have a natural beauty .
it 's a day of fun and learning for burn survivors and their families .
this time londoners have not gathered to pelt the world record challenger with eggs .
as gannon and duarte investigated the deaths , they began to see a trend .
the conflict in the western sudanese region of darfur was another point of contention .
scientists argue the processes they use to extract the gas could be cleaned up .
the government says the slc is doing what it can to track people down .
experts say the problem is concentrated in the south and west of the country .
donny and marie are currently performing at the las vegas flamingo hotel through 2012 .
the montreal tournament will also see the return of world number two rafael nadal .
the length of the average work week was unchanged at 33.2 hours in april .
21 , wilkerson let one of the agents know she had filed the legislation .
in cairo , temperatures average in the 80s and fewer tourists spell shorter lines .
but as far as this movement is concerned we are here to revive justice .
both nationwide and the halifax recently reported declines in the growth of house prices .
brad and angelina have been breaking up off and on for a while now .
mr cameron has set up a scrutiny panel to look at all excessive claims .
and it took the penguins only 40 seconds into that power play to score .
he declined to say how much the history channel was paying for the privilege .
many of these are affiliate sites that provide links to other smaller porn purveyors .
they would also have to show how quickly they could liquidate their trading books .
students at a pakistani school watch a 1980s film about a fictional nuclear attack .
it 's just an observation from someone standing awed and stunned on the sidelines .
leinster grabbed a bonus point with a luke fitzgerald try right at the end .
they were first used in turkey and have become popular in some asian countries .
the cancer can often be inoperable , because it spreads rapidly to other organs .
one of the most acclaimed international figures was the late john young of bermuda .
there were no deaths around the time of surgery , roos and colleagues report .
that was up from a total of just 1.6 million vehicles sold in 1997 .
with ddt and chloroquine , it drove that down to 18 cases by 1963 .
ivanovic dropped just five games on her way to the semifinals in indian wells .
if so , hampshire 's dimitri mascarenhas will be the favourite to replace him .
a 12-year-old boy in england has started the new school year as a girl .
three universities then began teaching law to female students and about 1,500 have graduated .
pasadena , calif . - rosie o 'donnell believes jay leno should step aside .
incredibly , her parents , and the media , hail him as a hero .
many of us might recall that hallmark is headquartered in this friendly midwestern city .
the fall in donations comes as demand for services offered by charities is escalating .
the combo guard is going to be something special , a la t.j. ford .
the view from the control tower is of mud , and the mud sticks .
police said ms chan , who had serious head injuries , died on friday .
he was carted off the field and had x-rays , which revealed the fractures .
well it 's about to smell even better--and taste better , too .
the couple 's sons have said they want no further contact with their parents .
" there are miraculously no reports of anyone else injured , " schapelhouman said .
this is where slobodan milosevic established himself as the champion of the serbian nation .
when one person sneezes , it goes all the way through the aircraft . "
korea has made trade agreements and fighting protectionism a keystone of its international diplomacy .
this is not a poverty issue -- 82 percent are middle class or above .
internally , the north will portray president clinton 's visit as a great victory .
many of them have multi-colored printing , watermarks in the paper , even holograms .
" it 's not that people don 't know that condoms can protect them .
it is not only her mortgage that ms daglish is keen to pay down .
obama tried being nice with the stimulus bill debate , and look what happened .
she says vulnerable families will fare much better under labour than under the conservatives .
mccain : yes , yes -- that 's what the allegation is , larry .
yet two italians have no problems with their memory even though they never sleep .
what restrictions under the firm 's it policy are there for reviewing such documents ?
more than half of trauma patients are not receiving good care , experts say .
exemptions will be made for guide dogs and disabled people using trained assistance dogs .
sinnott said efforts are being made to expand the hunting of bears in chugach .
it was o 'neal 's first time in miami as an opponent since feb .
but the bears were in first place and the playoffs were on the horizon .
they were discovered through their music and now write and produce music for others .
following the approval , neurogesx finalized an exclusive agreement with astellas pharma europe ltd .
that comment came from a survey of executives from the top 500 european companies .
far 's media center web site is available at http : / / media.floridarealtors.org.
fire crews are tackling a large fire at a house near chard in somerset .
borrowing money from a finance company is no different from borrowing from a bank .
throw the scum-weavles out before they bring the entire place down around our ears .
osbournes reloaded follows the huge success of the families cult reality show the osbournes .
sometimes you don 't need to think too deeply -- just let players play .
the danger , however , is that food inflation spreads to the wider economy .
syracuse , n.y. - kentucky avoided the latest big upset from the big red .
stump began by winning the best of breed , then took best in group .
fry in vegetable oil , so that each one is about 5cm in diameter .
foreign ministers and some heads of government are expected to attend the afghanistan meeting .
it also has a large medical facility that could help with treating the injured .
their new cd is getting good airplay , especially in the southeast beach scene .
separately , the fsa has appointed david kirk as its first chief criminal counsel .
the yarn is made in the mill and the cloth returns there for finishing .
mr cameron threw the kitchen sink and the crockery , the daily mirror says .
this is a good decision for wildlife , and for communities around the forth .
we like to think of ourselves as global specific , rather than global generalists .
amr cut its mainline capacity 8 percent compared with the year-ago period in 2008 .
she wasn 't allowed visitors , but the reports we got were all good .
" the referendum failed completely , " he said in a nationally televised address .
last month , it received a $ 10 billion capital injection from the government .
" he forgot which side he was on , " said a democratic strategist .
the daily telegraph has seen copies of the two-page letters sent to the gurkhas .
that tension crystallizes in the 1960 chemosphere , one of his most celebrated works .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.30 gmt on sunday 31 january 2010 .
a high risk of lymphedema , or extreme swelling and pain in the arm .
most pakistanis interviewed wednesday had no idea u.s. soldiers were stationed in the northwest .
be there when they pick their pin , set up voicemail and other features .
they have provided some of the most memorable moments in recent us political history .
to get into heaven he needs to roll a 1d20 at 2 or better .
ever since , scientists have been trying to figure out how they do it .
" right now , sean is not sean , " coach dave leitao said .
and zoos ' animal environments sometimes include features such as moats or reinforced enclosures .
there are two elites in america : the educated elite and the wealthy elite .
you don 't need to be exact about the size or even the amount .
gabor 's spokesman said the actress had been bedridden for the past few months .
more than 14,000 people are following williams ' childbirth through the popular micro-blogging site .
it took another eight months for the family to prove saldivar was a citizen .
the indian production house says the name of their film was registered in 2005 .
that is why we will not allow higher inflation rates , " he said .
but the two winning states dispensed with the issue with strong teacher effectiveness laws .
the buyers of these bonds would need to be compensated for providing this insurance .
juan hernandez , 43 , a poultry farmer in los indios , sounded resigned .
that was never going to work out too well , was it , mate ?
families he has helped vouch for him by telling of their own good experiences .
the wall street journal reported online sunday that o 'neal had agreed to resign .
no more moose will be tranquilized until the cause of the deaths is known .
i would go to the wedding , give them away , but nothing else .
it has since become a hub for cocaine smuggling from south america to europe .
you have to wait around to see it , " mr stone told reporters .
a year ago , noah 's fisheries service confirmed caribbean monk seals were extinct .
i now run office 2008 , sap , and lotus notes - no issues .
xinhua said there were 30 people on board a figure tang said was wrong .
twenty five per cent of children die before they reach the age of five .
in the book wagner confess-es to hanging around beatty 's house with a gun .
from late 2010 , the asa will have jurisdiction over marketing claims on websites .
he and 22 others , mostly al-qaida fighters , escaped from prison in 2004 .
to trim its emissions , statoilhydro has greatly reduced the flaring of natural gas .
a woman died shortly after her right arm had been amputated above the elbow .
we 'd all do it in a second if our families needed the money .
electra 's obsessive misery can be kept from overwhelming her only through constant motion .
cnn 's susan candiotti , joe duran and harris whitbeck contributed to this report .
gender bet part 1 -- officials expect heavy wagering on rachel alexandra from females .
elsewhere , for ageing music lovers like me , there was only bad news .
for middle-class and wealthy americans , straight white teeth are still a virtual birthright .
this title is not for the faint of heart , or thin of skin .
wen is accused of protecting an intricate web of businessman , officials and mobsters .
if community leaders really cared about their community , they 'd encourage these programs .
preliminary results show afghanistan president hamid karzai winning with 54.6 percent of the vote .
will any man be attracted to me now that i have had a mastectomy ?
just 25 per cent believe he would have handled it better than mr brown .
summers is now chairman of the council of economic advisers for president barack obama .
after a while , i dealt with my issues and started to feel better .
there is a separate bathroom with composting toilet , a sink and a shower .
was it the horror of consumers sitting on their wallets for the foreseeable future ?
" everything is tough after long , long time , " del potro said .
his younger brother , solahuddin wahid , said he died of a clogged artery .
the government also wanted permission to gather information about them by interviewing third parties .
she has ablolutely zero understanding of the fundamentals of economics and has no integrity .
actually , these guys have a lot better motivation than avoiding punishment : cash !
he explained to knight that his father and brother would like to meet him .
now , what about the black woman , and the half and half man ?
but the figures have also been inflated by the recent recognition of domestic violence .
but wage growth of 12-14 % could affect profit margin , the firm said .
at one table , students kirk sudeuth and courtney rynd sat with their friends .
the following year , he led north carolina to its fifth ncaa tournament title .
but at least mrs. clinton has a lot of old friends on wall street .
the $ 175 razor : a sign of economic recovery in retail ? 10 .
" you have to do some education with these systems , " she said .
( i can 't remember now whether there are still cloistered millennarians at tredegarh .
the latest two killed 15 people in rawalpindi , near islamabad , on saturday .
the force said it was a " horrific " attack on a well-respected man .
mia _ g.cooper 12 pass from wright ( zampogna kick ) , : 24 .
you are surrounded by people of your own age , many with similar interests .
sex violence is complicated -- to investigate well requires insight , knowledge and experience .
and this in a state that the experts say is bucking the recession trend .
touched by anne 's intelligence and loneliness , miep brought her books and newspapers .
" i started more than seven years ago after i had the heart attack .
deng scored 21 points in the second half , and finished with 10 rebounds .
ian williams has been working on food poisoning outbreaks at the cdc since 1994 .
they don 't give a sh ! t about any of those things either .
you 're supposed to say you 're sending money to a friend or relative .
the design of the health care proposals being considered by congress should be changed .
the bigger east antarctic ice sheet had not thawed in past warm periods studied .
both of these come with an interest-free overdraft facility for the first 12 months .
the main market challenges in the future include enhancing performance and raising consumer awareness .
the process leaves them with weaker branches making them more susceptible to snow damage .
after the day she had at bulle rock , that was hardly the case .
a tick in " under our skin , " a documentary about lyme disease .
second , he gets warmup breaks in the lobby every 30 to 45 minutes .
south ruffed , drew trumps and ran the diamonds to discard dummy 's spades .
so , we 'd get 20x the bang for the buck with ev 's .
" i always run away from captaincy because i want to enjoy my cricket .
the focus of the iran crisis has shifted from the street to the seminary .
a united states army infantry captain , he is now studying law in california .
seton hall is 0-28 against teams ranked nos. 1-3 the associated press poll .
the epix movie channel premiered in october on verizon 's pay television service fios .
alternative services will be provided either by other train operating companies or replacement coaches .
workforce is a trademark and creativezone is a service mark of epson america inc .
new york 's subways and busses are already among the best in the world .
yes , the earth revolves around the sun , but it is also flat .
their arrival in chengdu comes amid frosty relations between the united states and china .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.11 gmt on tuesday 1 december 2009 .
this would see future scottish governments given still greater control over their own affairs .
untreated , it can lead to more serious gum disease and eventually tooth loss .
depression in women can be fueled by hostile husbands , a new study suggests .
the government was forced to introduce safety and training rules as it went along .
it may even be darwinian in its creation of a new double-headed super human .
white house officials privately acknowledge that they don 't expect a complete economic turnaround .
but this depends on giving emerging market economies a greater stake in the institution .
the good news is that many elements of our digital future are already here .
a 20-year-old woman arrested at the same time has been released pending further reports .
staff writers anthony faiola , brady dennis and neil irwin contributed to this report .
he later identified this as the first step towards his career as a philosopher .
" we have worked together for ten years and that will remain the case .
for additional information on labview robotics 2009 , readers can visit www.ni.com / robotics .
as a result of his condition , dede lost his job and his wife .
investigators are still trying to determine if it should be declared a hate crime .
the no. 2 jankovic is aiming to reach her first grand slam final .
the facial images national database is due to be up and running next year .
" ( the police officer ) said i 'd have to drive myself out .
the thought that her life could have been saved continues to gnaw at him .
g - actually under obama my taxes will go down farther than under mccain .
shares have declined steadily since reaching a 52-week high of $ 42.22 last november .
but many lebanese say the criticism of hezbollah only served to open healing wounds .
its outrageous attempt to charge three hikers with espionage makes it look even dopier .
but other sources of encouragement have been scarce of late ( see article ) .
" i think it would be funny just seeing him in front of me .
at first , tristan cried and struggled to explain to the dispatcher what happened .
an fda review found just 11 studies of children published over the last half-century .
president obama : " i actually think this is a high-class problem to have .
if you attack a decent road , the coupé proves a surprisingly entertaining companion .
muohta ( ordinary snow ) or oppas ( untouched snow ) might be safe .
" he has time to recover everything , " capello told bbc 5 live .
tran 's younger brother was held for some days in 1991 , leong said .
diaz-arevalo was taken to the sweetwater county jail , where he remained sunday night .
but he 's managed to fit the two-hour finale celebration into his sunday schedule .
less than a quarter of all warnings were from consumer goods and services companies .
but eichinger 's script has nothing to say as to why we should care .
i pay for this ( taxes ) so i have a right to complain .
hence the theme of difcweek is : financial opportunities for the third millennium . "
in a conventional hybrid the battery is recharged from power generated by its wheels .
1943 new york ( al ) 4 , st. louis ( nl ) 1 .
in november , georgia arrested 13 people on spy charges , including four russians .
my daughter didn 't get to die with her family , " hartunian said .
the latter are mainly shia muslims , while the football association consists of sunnis .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.51 bst on tuesday 26 october 2010 .
jung was later on monday scheduled to meet with lebanese defence minister elias murr .
" we don 't know what 's going on , " ms. damlouji said .
so her birthday celebration can be focused on her and not in the hospital .
in the meantime , let 's relive the highlights from tonight 's filler-tastic extravaganza .
in the second round , the jets will play either indianapolis or san diego .
this will result in a significant increase in unallocated production in the current year .
" i 've been called worse , " the quarterback said with a smile .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 20.29 gmt on monday 30 november 2009 .
sawyer also connected with drew morgan for a 28-yard touchdown in the first quarter .
my nostrils are caves and the hair are tree roots dangling from the ceiling .
" i go where i go , " shouts josse in thickly accented english .
while these couples obviously share certain core values , they do have other differences .
but then they turn around and say we are bad , " shen said .
with this you can see exactly where the money goes , " he says .
he was born in pittsburgh and considers emsworth , pa . , his hometown .
he was classified a sex offender and put on lifetime parole on his release .
arrow stage refused to identify the organizers who leased the bus for the trip .
" heroes " edged it out two years ago for its red-hot debut season .
fairfax estimates that hiring instructors for its expanded program will cost $ 16 million .
i have very fond memories of the school nurse when i was at school .
back in a share of the lead after day two , the whispers started .
the coalition 's leaders will meet tuesday to discuss a successor , babar said .
" there are lots of comparison sites , " says jonathan mitcham of which ?
so , why not use plants that can cope with a bit of neglect ?
annapolis , md . , july 9 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- pharmathene , inc .
if you look at their ratings it more akin to going up a cliff .
but swift writes from a particularly youthful perspective and connects with a particular demographic .
celebrity bail bondsman tony padilla and another local bail bondsman posted her half-million-dollar bond .
several concrete barriers known as k-rails were also placed along sections of the roads .
kidd sat out the last 30 seconds , but said he supported the decision .
last week , two 18-year-olds and a 22-year-old were convicted of attacking mr gibbs .
wide belts can transform an outfit -- number one they give you a waist .
he allegedly baited bradley , which is like baiting a piranha with a goldfish .
he expects it will take about a week before any refund difficulties are reported .
i often find myself liking him as he breaks away from the irritating alliances .
molesafe originated in new zealand , which is the melanoma capital of the world .
capello has never worked with english coaches , or english players , by choice .
for the time being , however , goodman likes to keep his public guessing .
we 've compiled a list of 40 once-commonplace activities that are rapidly approaching extinction .
klein ordered the latter two sentences to be served concurrently after the life sentence .
the revelations have been announced at the national cancer research institute conference in birmingham .
secularists are opposed mr gul because his wife insists on wearing the muslim headscarf .
nothing much , really , but for dogs , their lot , their allocation .
lobbyists steve elmendorf of elmendorf strategies and tony podesta of the podesta group visited .
seattle 's third-round pick in the 2003 draft replaced carlos silva in the rotation .
goldman sachs changed its forecast to losses of 250,000 from 300,000 just on thursday .
you can also download the client software for its boingo global roaming service here .
the room grew more humid during that encounter , though the singers never touched .
( germany relies on russia for about 36 percent of its natural gas ) .
holidaymakers hit by traumatic incidents while away are to benefit from a new service .
for him to state " i didn 't do anything wrong " is disingenuous .
they say he killed 11 people in 2001 , including six in one month .
what other film titles have promised something completely different from what you actually got ?
mother and son would spend only a dozen years living under the same roof .
family values ........ lol ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i was not interested in fame or what they now call " celebrity . "
" that 's most of the adult population , " declared one campaigner jubilantly .
scotland get the ball not so much rolling as spinning through various different axis .
two soldiers from the regiment were killed in the iraqi attack earlier this year .
perhaps , one day , we can delve on his contributions to our society .
but he was a constant source of frustration for those tasked with overseeing evacuations .
the trouble started on sunday , a day not traditionally associated with financial disclosure .
as you may remember he was almost ecstatic when the economy was in freefall .
go democrats ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
next to that , operating profit of one billion euros looks like small change .
even the news is run a second or third time on the same day .
environmental advocates , most of whom work closely with carb , applauded the plan .
his wife , peggy , whom he married in 1943 , died in 2003 .
ms james estimates that around 50 delivery lorries could visit the site very day .
well , actually , it was : green bay 's perfect mark this season .
just last year ruth kelly announced yet another £ 6 billion to widen motorways .
a family-of-three have been found guilty of keeping dangerous dogs at their birmingham home .
the print media are privately owned and there is a strong tradition of owner-editorship .
no country wants the public-relations nightmare of physically forcing the refugees from the boat .
american forces handed over security responsibility for the province to the iraqis on sept .
the police statement wednesday was the first confirmation of his presence by the authorities .
the wallabies will be looking for their first test triumph in johannesburg since 1963 .
the most contentious debate in the contest has been over obama 's stimulus plan .
whatever shape the looming swine flu pandemic takes , we cannot afford complacency .
gays were portrayed as immoral creatures out to destroy marriage and recruit our children .
many feared they would become political pawns in any negotiations between washington and pyongyang .
now rocket racing inc. is aiming to take that auto-racing parallel several steps further .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 20.29 gmt on wednesday 9 december 2009 .
this writer is part of the problem in this country and the whole world .
the lakers shot 51 percent from the field but hit only 16-of-26 free throws .
also , i either use fed ex , or do it by e mail .
" i very much wanted to be a fiction writer , " rhodes said .
that fervent backing of keegan continued following the 57-year-old 's resignation on thursday night .
the government has barred independent reporters from the areas where battles are taking place .
top seed gets the right to host , which means campus-wide kegs and eggs .
economists expected a 1 percent drop , according to a survey by thomson reuters .
yet people pursue them , convinced they will be among the minority who succeed .
his sudden embrace of serious painting is not as surprising as it may seem .
the existing 55-acre site is home to about 70 shops and opened in 2003 .
it is even unclear where the money for the inauguration is to come from .
the government has announced a string of measures to help vulnerable people avoid repossession .
super bowl ad buys thus constitute a sort of futures market of corporate america .
the ski centre at aviemore was buried under 77cm ( 30in ) of snow .
buffalo has next weekend off , then is home against san diego on oct .
the deal is expected to be completed in the first quarter of next year .
it meets in private and sends reports to no 10 for vetting before publication .
but the sounds of gunfire continued without let-up for another hour and a half .
the mumbai ( bombay ) attacks exposed gaping holes in india 's security preparedness .
" the country itself is so beautiful , so wonderful , " she says .
three stocks rose for every one that fell on the new york stock exchange .
earlier the uk military blamed the attack on a " rogue " afghan policeman .
" at least none of my stuff was inside yet , " he said .
obviously the less education one has , the farther up the ladder he goes .
moreover , bell challenged hamilton in 1997 when britain was booming and unemployment falling .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.56 gmt on thursday 29 october 2009 .
he worked from home in the computer field and has a degree in business .
the other question is who controls the database , and , to what end ?
top seed gasquet recovered his poise after losing the first set on a tiebreak .
for further information , please visit http : / / www.therapservices.net or call 203-596-7553 .
in apurímac , mayors complain of duplication , corruption and lack of local control .
she said ' i 'll get four years and be out in two ' .
there are few executives broader-shouldered than mick davis of xstrata , writes andrew hill .
but the negotiations appear to have run into opposition from lawmakers on both sides .
but her most valuable skill , she says , is being able to listen .
these remaining carbon atoms can suggest what existing , and once-living , organisms ate .
it 's not insignificant but you can 't beat the pats with field goals .
earlier saturday , the storm knocked out power across much of grand cayman island .
the lessons to be learned from these sad killings aren 't about gun control .
an earlier version also incorrectly said comcast can manage congestion by type of content .
it is expected to cover about 30 percent of the university 's 4,000 undergraduates .
excerpts from the autumn , by elizabeth barrett browning , read by peter donaldson .
yet the reality was far worse , as became clear after october 's election .
" i was really up on that stuff while not many people here were .
ahead by two goals , it should have been able to lock the door .
" the baklava sealed the deal , " saeed amidi said with a laugh .
artest suffered through a miserable december , averaging a mere 6 points through thursday .
wal-mart could be expected to look at smaller options , too , she said .
fiorentina striker adrian mutu had earlier cancelled out paulo barreto 's 25th minute opener .
replacing the defective seal and topping off the transmission fluid may solve the problem .
some associations are trying to help translate the law 's potential benefit to charities .
retired gen. antonio domingo bussi , 82 , makes a statement in court thursday .
the girlfriend was gunned down at a mob social club a few days later .
one cup of antioxidant-rich raspberries has 8 grams of fiber and only 60 calories .
another lengthy delay occurred when an ice flaw required attention in the buffalo zone .
" turn off your phone and put it away , " lee tells him .
will we still be able to use the money in our health savings account ?
i am highly educated and i give of my time and money to charity .
once it was out in the wine den , it was fair game . "
the team is trying to raise the $ 200,000 for a full-scale clinical trial .
ed miliband 's grandfather fled poland in the 1920s and ended up in belgium .
indeed , obama 's is a bit higher than it was a month ago .
a scottish government spokeswoman referred to reports of megrahi 's imminent release as speculation .
" i hope the dogs will feel honored and welcomed , " johnson said .
snowe swept to a third term in 2006 with 74 percent of the vote .
the campaign was organized by g-10 , an umbrella group for women 's organizations .
scdi said it showed the strength of scotland 's oil and gas supply chain .
the support was ample but i felt like i was wearing silk cycling shorts .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital from carrick-a-rede island on the north coast .
the commercials ask that viewers notify their representatives about concern over the proposed regulation .
the telegraph knows the name of the beast and permits us to utter it .
the first thing every family does during difficult financial times is eat at home .
paintings from the paleolithic era , mankind 's earliest art , portray herbivorous animals .
i think it 's cruel , all that gladiatorial booing , braying and wolf-whistling .
the 30-year-old was found dead in her flat in culloden by her father gordon .
i think it was my 21st birthday , even though i 'm only 12 .
initially deployed in 1978 , about 3,000 were produced with a planned 30-year life .
prosecutors and afzali 's attorney indicated this week that a plea deal was likely .
he had just finished his third trip to thailand in the last 12 months .
sen. barack obama says the country can move beyond some of its racial wounds .
both were treated at the palisades medical centre in north bergen , new jersey .
government now provides taxpayers ' money to financial services businesses in previously unimaginable quantities .
see how you can make sure your laser surgery is safe on american morning .
now , such a romantic idea has gone out of the door with sol .
chavez has clashed repeatedly with private media outlets he accuses of plotting against him .
it has held over 4,000 sittings and the last witness was interviewed in 2005 .
that will prompt the chinese authorities to take pre-emptive steps , " he said .
they always tell you that they manage to get 80mpg from their old vectra .
" when i play football i forget about the bad things in my life .
winter said he believes the results will be announced by friday or next monday .
i just don 't know if he is the right man for the job .
as governor of california he tripled the state budget during his term in office .
he is projected to go in the final rounds sunday , if at all .
it feels more like clint eastwood 's unforgiven than michael winner 's death wish .
and climate change is not the unifying electoral force they hoped it would be .
the philippines has one of the most poorly equipped air forces in the region .
only hours earlier , a homicide bomber killed 10 afghans outside a u.s. base .
the honeymoon with india is likely to be over , " says mr gokarn .
music from the kitchen swells as mothers and daughters wash vegetables and clatter pots .
" it 's been an obsession ever since , " he said , smiling .
for now , both parties will build their election-year cases in the congressional arena .
she eventually left due to concerns at the conduct of some of the staff .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.23 gmt on tuesday 22 december 2009 .
backflow into the syringe from an infected patient could have contaminated the sedative vial .
americans of every political and religious denomination agree that there should be fewer abortions .
the prolific actress has spoken publicly about having been with women in the past .
there are responses we 're seeing already that don 't apply exclusively to immigrants .
forest lawn memorial parks and mortuaries are favorites for tourists on celebrity grave hunts .
that birdie handed mickelson a nervy moment as he surveyed a five-footer for par .
i 'd rather see them go with gardner and provide more youth and stability .
the men then ran from the scene in the direction of little horton lane .
the house , which was empty , was damaged but no one was injured .
interior minister alfredo pérez rubalcaba said the eta ceasefire declaration failed to meet expectations .
we 've also started thinking about what we 've experienced and learned this summer .
it is up to our intelligence people to determine the validity of the information .
a hot topic of conversation is which country offers the best jobs for emigrants .
the competition was poorer for the absence of defar 's ethiopian teammate tirunesh dibaba .
watches , phone cards , sticky tape and tic tacs are off limits too .
those with eating disorders tend to be on the extreme end of this scale .
the survey will be repeated next year to measure change across europe 's schools .
the redskins-ravens game is between two teams in the playoff race with 7-4 records .
she likes the chase way too much and looking younger than she really is .
he died in a mountaineering accident in the french alps in january this year .
the energy sector 's results are expected to plunge 57 % , for example .
when , where : march 7 to 8 , various venues in downtown calistoga .
i saw her when she came to get his things and collect his body .
members of the jury said the deliberations went fairly quickly with the new juror .
" nobody has to be told about kiko 's ability , " said ferguson .
honore has been suspended from hunting park pending resolution of the charges against him .
it 's 2010 , and women scorned have resources , outlets and marketing plans .
the consideration of their arguments is regularly diverted by the consideration of their effects .
so far , he has not been called to testify before the grand jury .
a liberal who attacked and got into the faces of a group of marines .
and we do a very good job of pretending that it doesn 't matter .
who needs the olympics ( wait , whom do i write for again ) ?
9 by environmental science and technology , include t.p. curtis and j. dolfing .
stephen , the first king of hungary , is also a roman catholic saint .
you had to wonder if westwood was trying to psyche out mcilroy a little .
he left school at 16 to become a cub reporter on a local weekly .
fed officials had already been predicting a slowdown in the second half of 2008 .
dallas trailed 21-17 at halftime , then took the lead 21-17 in the third .
it was not clear if the bananas were edible after floating in salty water .
firefighters have spent the night tackling a blaze at a thatched cottage in wiltshire .
so maybe it 's not a grand slam , but certainly a solid hit .
luxury automakers put on full spreads for the automotive press at the show thursday .
in the parlance of such trading , that is a " single play . "
he also ordered that wachovia cease efforts to collect rent from shopping center tenants .
the sense was one of transition : spring is coming , but not undaunted .
the argument in court argument centered on the gravity of gatlin 's 2001 offence .
spain has not had a large jewish population since expelling its jews in 1492 .
wallace : we 're talking about the safe haven between the afghan- pakistan border .
adrian peterson had minnesota 's touchdown on a two-yard run in the second quarter .
mr. rangel has repeatedly expressed confidence that he would be cleared by the investigation .
the future that born envisioned turned out to be even riskier than she imagined .
but some small experimental aircraft are already flying with electric motors driving their propellers .
she has been taken to plymouth 's derriford hospital where she has undergone surgery .
i 'm still not sure i grasp everything that the writers have attempted here .
how can choice be implemented as part of the curriculum in a meaningful way ?
most muslims in cuba are international college students from countries like pakistan and indonesia .
the benchmark us 10-year treasury yield fell 6 basis points to 3.21 per cent .
in the admissions office , blackburn and his colleagues privately fumed about the publicity .
the company , which employs 6,400 people worldwide , manufactures chemicals and construction materials .
" the violence that is currently taking place must stop , " he said .
in 2005 i reluctantly decided to turn back once again before reaching the summit .
one coach put tcu on top , while two didn 't submit a ballot .
he enjoyed a last meal of oysters , shrimp and partridge , with champagne .
i don 't think i 'd have the time to do that , unfortunately .
with no setbacks , chamberlain theoretically could be back roughly two weeks after that .
the changes include more polished editing and filming the new version in high definition .
he ran with his arms splayed ; his knees were known to be fragile .
in 2002 , the angels were making their first playoff appearance in 16 years .
and that , they say , would inflict further damage on the expanding deficit .
the market also remains relatively immature in terms of consumer buying , wozniak said .
in afghanistan it 's entirely seen in ethnic terms as pashtuns versus the non-pashtuns .
' it 's better writing than most of the others , ' he acknowledges .
he added there was the risk of explosive materials falling into the wrong hands .
the more important question for our long-term economic well-being is , will we thrive ?
pearl jam and r.e.m. have some of the most annoying music out there .
but even when the epa says it 's taking action , little is accomplished .
among the scrapheap of stalled or discarded projects , green groups are finding bargains .
earlier tuesday , he filed his official candidacy papers for the state 's primary .
without harry and dave , this boomer will wait to see the evening news !
" jenna , how are you different from barbara ? " their mom asked .
this is mainly because there is high demand for student accommodation across the uk .
i eventually decided to leave , passing broken glass and blood in the lobby .
the boy followed her inside and later alleged they had sex in a lavatory .
the academy spots and helps push local talent towards 2012 with medals in mind .
temperatures were expected to dip tuesday and go down more as the week progresses .
not surprisingly , the new one discovered by baidu has been deleted as well .
colm cavanagh plays at full forward , flanked by martin penrose and colm mccullagh .
but ms price survived and morris pretended she had been attacked by a burglar .
shellfish dredgers were also known to be operating in the area at the time .
as you pass through medium-size , commercial cities and then through starkly beautiful villages .
it was also smaller than the proposed surry facility and outside the chesapeake watershed .
streelman dropped off the leaderboard early with a triple-bogey on the par-3 third hole .
it took the california highway patrol to bring the car safely to a stop .
by declaring for the draft a second time , rush loses his college eligibility .
in the court 's view , there was no justification for the nationality discrimination .
and lastly , was his preference for blondes , brunettes , redheads or bald ?
glenn beck is not the first person on the right to deny social justice .
today , of course , the same response to stress would result in obesity .
bear to the right ! ! " cried out julius strauss , my guide .
when pickler made her debut a year later , there were plenty of comparisons .
the bass did not peel line off my reel like a large rainbow might .
cnn 's arwa damon , jomana karadsheh and youssif basil contributed to this report .
of course his ideas had flaws and were further elaborated as time went by .
all homes require an energy performance certificate ( epc ) indicating how they rate .
for many cooks , turkey is a one-off , only ever eaten at christmas .
mexico is preparing to receive this wave of returnees in the next few weeks .
he scored on wright 's single , increasing new york 's lead to 10-0 .
proof that montreal is an epicure 's dream : les touilleurs ( 152 ave .
nations own the objects they put into space , no matter where they land .
last year was awful for savers , with paltry near-to-zero returns on many accounts .
from the looks of this filing , fortress decided not to wait any longer .
in retrospect , however , he could have thought of something snappier than connexity .
the raids follow an investigation into the website pharma2u.com which sells popular prescription drugs .
but swiss critics have accused the us of hypocrisy in moralising on tax evasion .
north star foods is the second-largest employer in st. charles with about 150 workers .
" they do not like to mix with people from other cultures and faiths .
abc says its survey of afghans found hopes for the future have dramatically improved .
they posted the best record in the nhl before bowing out early--again .
no other resource-advantaged country apportions so unevenly , if they apportion unevenly at all .
and that 's kind of what we expect from him , " manuel said .
the home burned decades ago , the lot now overgrown with weeds and ivy .
several reports indicate that 15 precincts around cleveland will stay open until 9 p.m.
during those years , prices around the lake increased , sharply in some instances .
serena will be trying to win her third wimbledon and 11th grand slam title .
monroe said " all indications " are that the senate will include similar language .
our society is much less closed to outsiders than most countries of continental europe .
a search of his truck turned up several rounds of ammunition , schneider said .
local police officials , however , said maintaining security is difficult without adequate manpower .
he was taken away by ambulance after having suffered heart problems earlier this week .
travellers beware : before you set out for the airport , take your atlas .
but for cloning , just knowing the dna sequence from hair isn 't enough .
" they 've been very cooperative from the very beginning , " capocelli said .
i sit on a stool , or an empty chair , and chit chat .
stewart is a musician / producer best known as one half of the eurythmics .
this year , management is facing another challenge from dissident investors with similar criticisms .
as a surgeon , nancy is accustomed to making decisions with authority and conviction .
lee clocked 10.85 seconds to upset former world champions torri edwards and lauryn williams .
that never-say-die attitude runs through this club and the goal was of magnificent quality .
in fact , it 's known for its beauty as well as its hospitality .
and they could not provide an estimate for when the project might be completed .
the u.s. is lobbying for tougher international sanctions on iran for its nuclear program .
but i guess it 's the same thing i was doing at that age .
for years , the bank had invested its funds using a similar trading strategy .
she was arrested following a misunderstanding over a remark she made about her ex-husband .
both the government and the military say that this week 's elections are crucial .
a spokesman for cambridgeshire county council confirmed the social worker had been struck off .
up until recently i worked in retail , and i love to travel . "
luxembourg and liechtenstein are moving closer to reaching agreement on implementing international tax standards .
why is the entree in danger of becoming the california condor of the menu ?
a pub in essex has been badly damaged by a fire in the roof .
the challenge for mccain and obama is to help people understand what has happened .
and there are ways to keep the costs of a ski holiday under control .
ms. jones and her lawyers did not return repeated phone calls for comment yesterday .
if there is evidence of gastrointestinal disorders , however , such treatments are appropriate .
yet that 's all the more reason not to trumpet its achievements ad nauseam .
yet it wasn 't and it couldn 't quite be as formal as that .
they might prefer mr ahmadinejad to stand aside and refrain from seeking another term .
" we tend to build up heroes very quickly here , " said ferguson .
orange monkey users get benefits including free texts and free music for topping up .
only 14 percent of those surveyed favored the pro-musharraf party , the survey said .
but she couldn 't ( and didn 't want to ) stop working altogether .
creating a national uk council for child internet safety to help implement the strategy .
in the court 's judgment her carelessness was of a " high order . "
the 5-foot-8 senior from texas averages six catches and 82 yards receiving a game .
domestic consumption , as measured by the imperfect retail sales data , is strengthening .
a representative of brewer did not respond to a call seeking comment monday morning .
the ranking of the most-talked-about screenplays provides clarity in deciding what movies get made .
inkjet printers have finicky print nozzles that occasionally clog and need to be cleaned .
amtrust direct ( amtrustdirect.com ) is paying 5.3 percent on its money-market deposit account .
how do you explain hillary 's southern drawl when she campaigns in the south ?
mcphail says employers might be willing to contribute 15 per cent with no conditions .
sadly , this more exciting strategy is unappealing to a giant such as pfizer .
why is he taking the ged rather than graduating with his class in ca ?
it is the party that helped end apartheid and bring democracy to the country .
zelaya was deposed in a coup by roberto micheletti at the end of june .
ashton apart , the evening celebrates all that is most repellently decadent about ballet .
brand 's career is defined as one step too late or one step askew .
three news wire services -- the ap , reuters and bloomberg -- were invited .
that pakistan is paying a terrible price in the war on terror is undeniable .
" it 's going to be very good for us , " he said .
sealion keeper keith bisset said the pup started swimming just 15 minutes after birth .
in a parallel universe , hollywood 's comedy king would have been a lawyer .
it covered thousands of cases against politicians and bureaucrats dating back to the 1990s .
the claim has been made by the university of aberdeen 's face research laboratory .
but it is the pick-up in the speed of write-offs that is so unnerving .
a spokesman for the agency did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment .
it is the deadliest year for british forces since 1982 and the falklands war .
a woman 's lubrication can change throughout her menstrual cycle and throughout her lifetime .
i want to be a doodler , so what do i need to do ?
chest discomfort and shortness of breath are typical warning signs of a heart attack .
a spokesman said the police had taken action at an " appropriate " time .
this program requires vigilance in identifying rabid wild animals and distributing oral vaccine appropriately .
mr becht 's gains are not alone in catching the eye in recent days .
martin creed is an artist who likes to unsettle his audience with simple audacity .
even if her own daughter was raped she 'd insist on the full term .
the eaw said it would do its " utmost " to protect the beds .
so there must be at least one highly infectious disease epidemic in the area .
sir ron , the methodist , was less squeamish about that than some anglicans .
they can say , ' i feel good , " ' deanna brown joked .
mr bernanke was appointed to the fed in 2006 largely on his academic credentials .
the group finished off a bottle of vodka before heading to their next destination .
recommendation : abundant life christian fellowship in mountain view , home to google headquarters .
three quarters of children not getting enough exercise according to survey of 260,000 families .
and thanks , paula , for spilling the beans on next week 's theme !
the minutes showed that policymakers have varying views of where the economy is going .
both found that none of the information collected about consumers made them personally identifiable .
cnn 's carol cratty , jeanne meserve and eric marrapodi contributed to this report .
there has been no trial for any of them except in your demented mind !
he had been absent from court as the jury began deliberations on 8 april .
there is , though , a sense that this had better be the nadir .
dow jones industrial average futures fell 147 , or 1.74 percent , to 8,285 .
in 2005 , more than 1,500 cases of whopping cough were reported in minnesota .
the whale shark is harmless to people , feeding on plankton and small fish .
the ritual of england playing football before matches has been criticised in the past .
artist keith haring stands in front of part of the berlin wall in 1986 .
people have been offered free alarms but were also urged to take basic precautions .
pedro feliz drove in two runs with sacrifice fly and an rbi ground out .
the storage company auctioned the smoker on september 25 and whisnant was the buyer .
all eyes are going to be on the us , when it opens . "
the musical language performs its own penance , refusing the solace of familiar harmonies .
the three families who triumphed are welcoming the challenge of downsizing to the extreme .
russia remains strongly opposed to georgia 's bid to join the western military alliance .
oh , yeah , wide receiver brandon marshall got arrested in atlanta , too .
oppressive leaders like putin should leave the scene to younger and more talented people .
somehow , his phone re-dialed , and we got this on our answering machine .
psi-7851 , an unpartnered second generation hcv nucleotide analogue recently entered phase i studies .
but state department spokesman sean mccormack told reporters this would not be necessary now .
while most buildings in the city held up , those in the countryside tumbled .
his book is due to be released in the fall , legal newsline reported .
can 't wait to see beck break down to tears during the vp debates !
one bastion has yet to fall to this return to reality -- executive pay .
she was visiting her hometown during winter break when she was kidnapped and killed .
a thinly stretched us military has deployed large troop contingents in iraq and afghanistan .
" i can take it all out on them , " johnson said thursday .
all members of his unit came out of the fight safely , he said .
he said he had contacted them after speaking to his father and a clergyman .
according to the troopers complaint , lewis said he did not hear the sirens .
she went to a different doctor , a swimmer , for a second opinion .
after all , she skipped out on hoofer auditions twice this month , too .
what we are seeing is a historic outpouring of public emotion and civic involvement .
as to the second question , there are three ways we can protect ourselves .
he said : " clearly the uk government should have a view on this .
outside observers say it was likely the result of a new teacher 's naivety .
the monica lewinsky scandal took personal information about a political figure to another level .
one woman wanted to see mr. aliquo eat a berry before she tried one .
now that the ban has been lifted , its rationale has become more apparent .
today 's fatal accident is the third bus-related incident at disney in six months .
two vehicles were involved in the collision , which happened at about 0920 gmt .
buying barr would also bolster teva 's generic franchise in central and eastern europe .
vegetation affects local weather by absorbing or reflecting sunlight and releasing chemicals and moisture .
" i have that same fire in my belly now , " he said .
we talked about the middle east and the upcoming talks at annapolis , maryland .
jose lopez and casey kotchman followed with run-scoring singles to right to tie it .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.57 gmt on tuesday 9 march 2010 .
he had previously refused to work with the bnp but now says he will .
the star protects her updates , but seems to accept everyone that requests her .
the review will mainly look at the level of support for post-graduate degree studies .
he has won 11 times on the tour , including the 1997 british open .
first , they need to go to badaling to walk on the great wall .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.00 gmt on thursday 10 december 2009 .
my expectation is that we will lose between 180 and 250 banks this year .
the dancer managed to jump out of his long-haul truck near the tacoma mall .
12 at broadwayʼs broadhurst theatre with an official opening night planned for march 6 .
overall , there was action in about 24 of the 1,400 delivery offices nationwide .
the count in massachusetts will be part of a nationwide survey , french said .
former inmate kay danes said the jail is little more than a torture camp .
but chambers encountered a snafu in his god lawsuit that he may have expected .
before long , two girls from the town come with a song for us .
the approach landed her the cover of the times ' august 1967 fashion supplement .
despite the recent demographic changes , mount pleasant has retained much of its flavor .
tuesday 's attack was the latest violence to hit the islands in recent months .
with the words still ringing round the famous old stadium , wolves struck again .
one source defended the plan to reward the government group with a bonus system .
for registration information please visit www.defensemetals.org or http : / / www.ewi.org / workshop .
with reports by abc news ' dan childs , the associated press and reuters .
we have the wisdom of an entire civilisation that has lasted 3,000 years ! "
the rockets used the 3-point shot to take the lead after the first quarter .
not to lie , but to discover the real truth behind the apparent one .
he showed me a video as we sat talking inside his tiny moscow apartment .
by now , berman has been around sports long enough to expect the unexpected .
" this is also a destination for everyone that is interested in learning more .
don 't let the media influence your vote and make your voice count tomorrow .
he called for persistence in monitoring progress to determine whether further action is needed .
often seen as an economic bellwether , ups ' financial performance is closely watched .
democrats also hope to collect about $ 180 million for the democratic national committee .
if he does , can he really be the agent of change we need ?
the hugely influential former president akbar rafsandjani called for a massive turnout among voters .
we all know traveling with kids , especially young ones , is never easy .
42 days should only be for the bankers ! ! ! ! ! ! !
infinitis are : sporty and athletic cars that are not defined by their performance .
another campaign to recruit at least eight more student constables will begin in january .
the town 's christmas tree was still standing , albeit at a slight angle .
this year 's winner compares a new york city street to a romantic relationship .
other investors may not even realize their retirement plan has invested in the funds .
scroll down to read thomas l. holzer and chris d. poland in the forum .
the full effect of the strike will start to play across primetime in january .
( 23 ) mississippi at ( 10 ) tennessee , 1 : 30 p.m.
" this is catastrophic news for our pilot group and for all midwest employees .
gm isn 't the only player with plug-in electric cars coming down the pike .
high waisters , like these from paul smith are good for accentuating the waist .
the person spoke on condition of anonymity because the contract had not been completed .
still , the draft does not go as far as the bush administration wants .
kimberly king has managed to get by more than five years without health insurance .
" coming with me , barney , " the president asks his scottish terrier .
it was hillary clinton who planted the first doubts about obama on the economy .
while the noise levels rose steeply , the game went back into a lull .
" al-zeidi was expressing his point of view about bush in a democratic way .
mr jones admits wounding but denies wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
and her costume jewelry line ramona singer jewelry for hsn is obviously her focus .
he began selling valpak franchises , hired graphic designers and soon bought a factory .
it will also service any brands , like pontiac , that may cease production .
despite the fact she was voted off , her big smile shines the same .
yet , against all the odds , there is a new feeling of hope .
catfish is top documentary in the market with takings so far of £ 102,000 .
presumably that is why a majority of americans want higher taxes on oil companies .
four of the pieces owned by poly are on display at a beijing museum .
associated press writer kelly olsen and ap photographer jin-man lee contributed to this report .
teresa and jonathan hopke of minnesota balance caretaking duties for their son , kyan .
dumfries and galloway council said it was now looking for ways to replace it .
walchhofer placed fifth and cuche--skiing with a broken rib--came 10th .
otherwise , he says , they would be overturning the will of the voters .
she commutes to glacier national park every day from her home in columbia falls .
you can watch your favorite tv shows and share episodes you like with friends .
although the operation was a success , the tenor struggled to regain his health .
" but it won 't be enough to address the economy as a whole .
for my flight to singapore next week i am taking igonikon jack 's post .
what is minor to the retailer may not be minor to the consumer . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.47 bst on thursday 15 april 2010 .
the goods most commonly associated with the fraud are mobile phones and computer chips .
we 're guessing that 's a long-winded way of saying wikipedia kicked our butts .
still , the blue jays ( 73-73 ) managed to end a five-game skid .
rates have fallen since spring as investors seek the safety of u.s. treasury bonds .
mr duncan regrets the decline of the old industries but thinks apologies are overused .
rein became a deputy at age 55 after a career as a letter carrier .
he stated : " i have taken the decision to take a step back .
they were ordered to delay the advancing tank crews of rommel at st valery .
the men are being held in jail and due in court on november 20 .
broadcast center one would include the radio one offices , shops and 180 apartments .
prices rose briefly following a fire at a crude oil storage tank in kuwait .
reports of civilians killed in the crossfire continued to flood in , hrw said .
it 's necessary , said ajia coolbaugh , the office administrator who handles marketing .
this is a challenge more complex than any challenge our financial system as faced .
another deputy who was injured in the accident was being treated for head injuries .
the starting point must be with the pattern of current account deficits and surpluses .
this year it has spent £ 500,000 on improving street parking for shared cars .
i felt the rigidity of the structure needed a softness and movement of plants .
most routes in the contiguous 48 states were affected , spokeswoman betsy talton said .
it seemed genuine to me , with no hint of an onion being present .
that would have been july 17,2009 / 5 days before obama made any statement .
in this past year , divisions have hardened in churches and religious communities alike .
the shooting spree ended after a car chase and gun battle , authorities said .
( in washington , some congressmen live on pizza in crowded group houses . )
genentech routinely provides financial support for clinical trials , pellegrino said in an interview .
worldwide , there have been about 32 other patients , and 40 hands transplanted .
the white feathers of the herons reflected the pink-orange glow of the setting sun .
we hired two clowns , a husband-and-wife team who ran ads in the pennysaver .
it is possible for a moose to starve to death with its stomach full .
for years there has been growing evidence that night shifts are bad for you .
someone ends up grabbing headlines through incompetence , scandal , or a big mouth .
strahan emerged to a thundering ovation , and squeezed michael in a bear hug .
rescuers also located three bodies , said u.s. coast guard petty officer levi read .
fold the filet around the cream cheese mixture and secure with a water-soaked toothpick .
colorado had a proposed amendment that would define human life as beginning at conception .
that night , in bed , janelle cried : emily doesn 't remember me .
furnishings are traditional and comfortable , and the walls are lined with fascinating photographs .
but to the psychology professor seated near them , they could only be terrorists .
" they feel that they can probably bring a lot more to the table .
leno claimed ignorance -- he said he hadn 't known about kushnick 's plot .
i am a thirtysomething brunette and increasingly tempted by the idea of a fringe .
washington is moving fast to try to avoid the us falling into a recession .
difficult to see peoples issues when mep & mp 's expenses need claiming for .
this makes marsalis something of a conservative , in musical if not political terms .
also , those with more contact with peers were more closely associated with fertility .
rookie chris " beanie " wells and holdover tim hightower will handle the duties .
other organisations have discouraged using the terms " postmen " and " binmen . "
and in case you were wondering , yes , it 's that ralph sampson .
he last saw his youngest , noor , when she was six months old .
the demographic trends over the next decade are worrying policy makers around the world .
site creator laura roberts wrote : " she was taken leaving two children behind .
o 'grady is expected to pay tribute to his pet on monday 's programme .
scientific minds are already planning how best to reintroduce lolita to her home waters .
" we are at least gratified that we detected it , " spear said .
the painting was a highlight of christie 's contemporary art auction in new york .
the weather does seem to be a major culprit in the sled 's demise .
their condition is described as being " as good as could be expected . "
with her passing , that fear was gone , but not his other demons .
this is a document setting out what each neighbour may and may not do .
they squinted at blackberrys or paced the deck with cellphones stuck to their ears .
three other people were injured and 97 " trapped , " the ministry said .
she thought he could not have known that unless he had been watching her .
a public mood that holds all parliamentarians in contempt is both unfair and dangerous .
about 12 weeks of roadworks are due to start in the centre of chippenham .
mormons say such pronouncements are not only hurtful , they 're just plain wrong .
it would however go a long way to making the bloggers ' lives easier .
their metabolisms require more sleep at this stage but , more importantly , 2 .
love god above all things , love yourselves , your wifes and your children .
no comparable arab leader has visited iraq officially since the fall of saddam hussein .
the bookseller sent us a photo of the spread in question , reproduced above .
triple tour winner singh suffered a roller-coaster of emotions over the closing three holes .
the second hub world acts as the gateway to the " action stages . "
fair enough , but kilpatrick has often seemed to be his own worst enemy .
the pacific tsunami center cancelled tsunami warnings and watches an hour or so later .
cameron says at the last election the tories said government borrowing was too high .
phillips ' remark was intended as a light-hearted play on words , it added .
it 's part of the national vision for space exploration established five years ago .
drew neitzel made sure they came away with a win for all their trouble .
with highways and skyways dangerously overbuilt , can 't you hear the whistle blowing ?
if that were its effect , this would be a laudable piece of legislation .
they allowed more entrepreneurs to get loans to start new businesses and create jobs .
this reduced price is only valid for sojourns between april 16 and september 30 .
the gop will have a good year in the way tacticians measure these things .
he approves of the way german and italian banks support small and medium-sized companies .
at the supreme court , oral arguments did not appear to favor either side .
danilo di luca , his closest rival , understands he will not catch him .
but i think a lot depends on what the purpose of the change is .
" i can only say that there was widespread fraud , " eide said .
history disabuses every president of the notion that he has a legacy to leave .
or are they the product of lemming-like style-makers who feel compelled to follow trends ?
ian rickson ( see " hedda gabler , " below ) returns as director .
the kidnapping of south korean aid workers signals a key shift in taliban tactics .
the d.c. schools first offered the tests two years ago at two charter schools .
" i think it suggests a bit of a contradiction , " he said .
the democrat had been meeting with constituents outside a supermarket when the shooting started .
if so , i haven 't seen them , but such studies are needed .
" of course , there are some things we never want people to know .
the second most important judge at the supreme court is lord hope of craighead .
she told the court she heard what sounded like two people running away afterwards .
in the second , she pledged to " administer justice " fairly and impartially .
reformist candidates are hoping to defeat hard-line president mahmoud ahmadinejad in the june election .
to my horror his face fell sideways against mine , it was ice cold .
the dollar rebounded to 93.08 yen from 92.71 yen after sliding in recent days .
shouldn 't they expect to get precisely this question when talking about criminalizing abortion ?
i can 't imagine that even severe depression could ever justify such an abortion .
" way to kick butt , " said commander charles hobaugh , a marine .
father lombardi dismissed the accusation , noting that benedict repeatedly criticized the offensive cartoons .
newsmakers ( c-span ) , 10 a.m. : sen. kent conrad ( d-n.d. ) .
even the economy is beginning to pick up broadly speaking , not fast enough .
did i mention that nyiregyhazi was , or so it seems , a sexaholic ?
travelling through gatwick can often be an unpleasant experience -- as ferrovial has discovered .
core earnings exceeded expectations as well , gaining 6.5 percent to 652 million euros .
other organisations , including the british independent fruit growers association , back the campaign .
it was found abandoned a short time later in charlotte hill court in larbert .
egypt controls the southern border of the strip in a security arrangement with israel .
qin did not elaborate on what evidence might link the attackers to terror groups .
the poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .
experts say it 's important for parents to watch their children 's symptoms carefully .
office buildings in downtown houston were damaged , but it could have been worse .
designer donations include emilio pucci , paul smith , vivienne westwood and catherine walker .
residents nearby have reported a buzz of activity , including fly-overs by police helicopters .
he has 15 years of experience running both boutique and established , well-known wineries .
they seem to be the only ones determined to go to war with iran .
he is survived by his wife and the two sons of his first marriage .
the new tank , unlike the old one , can be refilled in orbit .
for some reason , the words pot and kettle have immediately sprung to mind .
they know where his weaknesses are and have some time to address those problems .
and men , take note : there is no toilet seat to leave up .
no program in this country is ever created for the working man - period .
one day he will also need a safe place where he can live independently .
" people will think you 're shabak ( from the intelligence service ) . "
g.m. ' s inventory is the smallest it has been in 13 years .
under company policy , you have 90 days to sort out your sling issues .
but some consumer groups fear the deal will mean higher fares and reduced service .
the suspension is enhanced with a 3-in. lift to clear the massive 35-in .
she rejected an overture by wealthy clinton donors wednesday that she recant that position .
a worldwide collaborative network of public relations firms , prbi is seeing rapid growth .
the group is confident of reaching agreement with bondholders after rolling over its debt .
the cause was a heart attack , his sister , harriette kaledin , said .
tsvangirai dropped out of a subsequent runoff , citing widespread violence against mdc supporters .
a victory in marseille would give them control of france 's top three cities .
palin 's children are named track , bristol , willow , piper and trig .
now , of course , chase has acquired several banks i do business with .
federer is looking for his sixth wimbledon championship and record 15th grand slam title .
probably not , but it 's a detail that we should keep in mind .
it 's just , unfortunately , i didn 't capitalize on my opportunities today .
did their numbers play any part in the president 's three months of deliberations ?
and they started in scorching conditions , trading early breaks in the first set .
it is absurd the amount of energy senior politicians have to spend on fundraising .
in war zones preparation is all , and those who are not prepared die .
madame vionnet , its founder , was one of john galliano 's first inspirations .
one weakness in the constitution is its vagueness about how this should be done .
the appointment of aidan birkett , an experienced chief restructuring officer , will help .
but no new players have been bought and only obafemi martins has been sold .
media in germany and other european countries often pay for high-profile , exclusive interviews .
in the cabin , peugeot has made considerable efforts to make its coupé special .
after all , he wouldn 't be able to see it from his basement .
in my generation you had to put your career in the hands of managers .
obama 's tv appeal mostly was intended to encourage the democratic base to vote .
the quality of the network is calculated on download and upload speeds and latency .
the south african recruits do not include star springboks but these are early days .
but specter said he planned to call goodell on monday to discuss a meeting .
mexico police are due to hand over the five to south korean consular officials .
soon we will have one that covers all street lights in the city too .
this bill is quite a remarkable piece of legislation and the timing is perfect .
you won 't find much on the nutrition facts label beyond calories and sodium .
" ideology is a luxury good in times of crisis , " she said .
if they start borrowing and spending more , it would help invigorate the economy .
blakeslee had further combat victories during the process of introducing the 354th to operations .
your symptoms of tiredness and weakness could be explained by having an underactive thyroid .
wilson was in for another surprise : craig titus , kelly 's muscle-bound husband .
its stock is up 7.6 % this year after climbing 26 % last year .
for patrons such as norden , this isn 't just another mom-and-pop business disappearing .
his father was employed by london transport , while his mother was a dressmaker .
" the second world " is rewarding simply as a primer on contemporary geopolitics .
it had full-year revenues of £ 5.4bn pounds ( $ 9.1bn ) in 2008 .
time is clearly not on the side of those attempting to talk iran round .
it s the same downhill course the men used at the 2006 turin olympics .
police later found miscarriage-inducing drugs in the cup and beverages , the court heard .
the bengals and cardinals received an extension thursday because of the labor day holiday .
vieira asked michelle what words of advice she had for her son and daughter-in-law .
discontent over the economy propelled tsvangirai to the top in presidential voting march 29 .
earlier this week european researchers said they figured out why human hair turns gray .
add 1 cup oil very slowly to emulsify ( while machine is running ) .
i had no question in my mind i was going to win today . "
mr hallam said the teenager at first told police : " it was me .
and at 53 % , more democrats and independents watch fox than do republicans .
analysts on average had expected 1 cent a share , according to reuters estimates .
england need to win the final test to take the ashes off holders australia .
the leader is chosen by the clerics who make up the assembly of experts .
( 43 ) " rules of engagement , " cbs , 7.52 million viewers .
" one of the miners involved in the project was a gentleman called gary .
dawon kahng--transistor that switches electrical signals on or off or amplifying them .
the former all-star is 3-2 with a 2.83 era in seven minor league starts .
obama _ 0323092 president obama is holding a news conference tonight at 8 p.m.
or you can file a complaint with hud through their home page , www.hud.gov.
so no raw data is lost to science from throwing out the old tapes .
hours later , however , another denied anyone had been detained or even questioned .
but britain chose last night to join the us and the netherlands in abstaining .
this also negatively affected glcc 's previous attempts to merge with other successful companies .
but the artists ' identities are kept under wraps until the work is bought .
game show host bob eubanks ( " the newlywed game " ) is 70 .
" we are now all thinking for our own jobs , " she said .
a cancer advocate enrolled bates in a state-funded program to finish her chemotherapy treatments .
his experience has been that " men are not as motivated " as women .
but because those reserves are so large , other economists see potential for danger .
cipriani , as lawrence dallaglio was before him , is already synonymous with wasps .
there had been an unofficial moratorium on executions while the court mulled the case .
beshear hasn 't gone that far , but neither has he ruled out layoffs .
sacyr 's share price was up 17.3 per cent at € 8.63 on friday .
north wales police are appealing for any witnesses to the collision to contact them .
but in the interim 31 immigration judges had been appointed by the flawed process .
i want to say come on already , we 'll handle the debt together .
canton , georgia ( cnn ) -- meet kaden , bomb-sniffing dog in training .
this is not the case : eco-towns will be part of the overall target .
dr. jennifer ashton discussed the dangers of adolescent obesity and how to prevent it .
the protest was first organized by a colombian man via his facebook internet page .
don 't bring mom to the job interview , warns fortune 's anne fisher .
to senior palestinian negotiator saeb erekat , the barriers represent a breach of trust .
her cheeky grin and beaming smile could light up a room in an instant .
" at least he 's thinking positive , in the right direction you know .
one man is said to be be in a critical condition with head injuries .
the mulcaire case was investigated thoroughly by the police and the press complaints commission .
the prelanding check has become standard procedure ever since columbia was destroyed during re-entry .
other russian officials have said the treaty could be ready for signing in april .
he also emphasized the importance of intensifying support and improving cooperation with neighboring pakistan .
for those with long memories in beijing , that has always been the situation .
" they don 't get tired of it , huh ? " he said .
rockies starter josh fogg gave up five runs and eight hits in four-plus innings .
" how do we know what we would have done ? " he asked .
among them is tiger woods , who shot a 68 for a two-under 138 .
had the bolsheviks been like this , the czars might still be in russia .
most of them are very concerned about the national disaster , " he said .
" it 's going to be good in two days , i 'm sure .
the final presidential debate takes place at hofstra university in hempstead , new york .
on this day in 1985 , an expedition located the sunken titanic ocean liner .
recently , at a dinner at our house , the conversation turned to politics .
it was unclear if the latest hostage release was linked to sarkozy 's plea .
i have more energy , and i don 't suffer from those crashes anymore .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.35 gmt on thursday 11 february 2010 .
ms haddock said mr jamieson told her abbie had not fallen or been dropped .
call the national domestic violence hotline at 800-799-safe to find help in your area .
but he has since come up against strong opposition to the proposals in congress .
sprint nextel officials will now allow large shareholders to call special meetings of investors .
by the end of the trial only 125 people had become infected with hiv .
but military spokesman maj. gen. athar abbas said there were no reports of casualties .
the maliki government has failed to make that happen in dividing up all revenues .
but she does love wimbledon - she said so , and quite touchingly too .
with utter amazement , hathaway studied the sweetheart 2006 deal in which city atty .
" i was in a conversation with a fellow guest at fox on sunday .
the brahms test uses a biomarker it discovered called mr-proadm ( mid-regional pro-adrenomedullin ) .
the government will announce measures to stop people developing cancer in the first place .
assistant coach aaqib javed said it was tough when gayle was in full flow .
those same realities force others to accept such decisions in order to be represented .
inflation : the deflated scouts are stored in boxes aboard the mars research laboratory .
simon heffer sees barack obama on a chat show and thinks of tony blair .
the pediatricians group said kids who don 't get enough should take vitamin supplements .
the deputy , zulfiqar mehsud , had said he carried out the hangu attack .
one of the options being considered is to not escort civilians off u.s. bases .
bogeys at the par-four 10th and 15th saw him sign for a level 71 .
it 's scary to think that people this obscenely stupid are running the country .
unlike state judges , federal judges have lifetime tenure and do not face voters .
" i suspect that that led to his concern about his overall situation financially .
the key to curing lateness , experts say , is to understand its origins .
why would employers give health insurance if the government will give it for free ?
we own the place , " said elisha saracik , a west bank settler .
he said " there is no immediate fix " to lowering record-high fuel prices .
each itinerary features the out-of-the-ordinary port calls for which msc cruises has become known .
most of broadway has been shut down since the stagehands went on strike nov .
the cdc said nine more children had been reported killed by h1n1 last week .
the wellcome trust has awarded £ 1.3m to develop the product over three years .
nothing says more about palm springs 's status than the influx of gay visitors .
" it makes it harder , " mccormack said , referring to the resolution .
summit set up shop in the prison 's former garden gnome factory in 2001 .
with 2,700 exhibitors at ces , offerings ranged from the practical to the frivolous .
brown called on saturday for a new drive to reach a global trade agreement .
but he said the bank agreed to the injection due to pressure from regulators .
it was a thoroughly impressive performance and more one-sided than the final score showed .
this year they are on pace to double their record arrest total for 2008 .
mr obama 's stimulus plans add up to $ 175 billion over two years .
jal , forced to fly to their white elephants , got deeper into debt .
brace , brace , brace : landings are fearful , but takeoffs are worse .
we 're asking people to be patient , " dot spokeswoman crystal paulk-buchanan said .
the last game we went to , we paid $ 50 for a seat .
the mp was speaking ahead of delivering a speech to inverness chamber of commerce .
the girl then submitted a formal complaint to the ipcc which investigated the lapses .
an sps spokesman said prison population projections helped the service in planning prison accommodation .
soaring drives eventually drop to earth , serving as metaphors for success or failure .
that was followed by a comparable tribunal charged with investigating the 1994 rwanda genocide .
washington ( reuters ) - not sure what to give uncle sam this christmas ?
perhaps i don 't want to go back to being a kid after all ...
" i earned what was in those times an enormous sum -- 800 roubles .
i assume they 'll be getting touch with joe the plumber any day now .
mr. arabo was arrested in june 2006 at his store on east 57th street .
conditions did not become deplorable , her attorney said , until hujazi bought it .
alcott added that racers were not simply athletes with a " screw loose . "
two years ago it was nascent ; now it 's embedded in our culture .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 20.30 gmt on thursday 4 february 2010 .
i have to wrap it in cheese to get him to eat it anyway .
cleantech group provides global market research and deloitte provides financial services to cleantech companies .
the criminal code has hate-propaganda provisions , but using these requires convincing a prosecutor .
" this is not a question of money , it is a legal requirement .
this year , after about 250,000 hugs between them , the work paid off .
" we were able to get everybody out the back door that we could .
prices fell despite no progress toward resolving the tension over iran 's nuclear program .
it takes more than scripted eloquence for presidents to connect with their fellow americans .
taro aso , pictured , is poised to be succeed prime minister yasuo fukuda .
documents involving small amounts of data should work far more successfully in web apps .
manufacturing should also expand , up from 51.2 to 51.5 over the same period .
" the next 60 days will probably tell the story , " digiovanni said .
enough smoke and mirrors and 3 card montes from the gop about the lady .
it is a complicated venture , with several business lines to manage and optimize .
fofana 's sentence means he will have no possibility of parole for 22 years .
don 't forget super bowl xii : cowboys 27 , jackson 's broncos 10 .
the bbc reported that one person had been taken to the hospital with hypothermia .
in addition , 52 percent of smbs said they lacked any web filtering solution .
the reality , the s.e.c. claims , was less impressive -- and fraudulent .
" it 's not an easy situation for a coach because of your cross-purposes .
mr. hvorostovsky , for his part , cringes when he watches himself on film .
mr macaskill said 3,737 cases had been settled at a cost of £ 11.2m.
mr moore criticised the foreign office for not doing enough to help the men .
sauveur , who joined the pawsox this season , can help zink from experience .
the european cup is not just abramovich 's holy grail but inter 's too .
in total , eight soldiers were injured in the operations , the statements said .
glavine never has been placed on the disabled list through 642 major league starts .
in 2005 , a marine helicopter crashed in iraq killing all 31 americans aboard .
wednesday 's strikes were the third aerial operation confirmed by the military since dec .
at the moment such adverts are allowed only on channel four , after 7pm .
we look forward to the restoration of this unique showplace to its original splendor .
flights for a trip to singapore , indonesia and india cost about $ 500,000 .
he dismissed labour 's dossier as " complete junk from start to finish . "
obama would have never going if mccain had not challenged him on the issue .
it hopes to highlight the difference it could make to communicating with local residents .
but he struggled to a second round 73 to reach halfway one behind hansen .
this woman joined the protests , and now she waits to be taken next .
polls show that the health-care packages on the hill are widely unpopular among evangelicals .
i never believed it would come true , " she said at the time .
mullen said the test did not come as a surprise to the united states .
at 34 , becky hurd is slurring her speech and her body is stiffening .
four days after guerin signed with the islanders , they made him their captain .
26 and may not produce vehicles on three more days in march and april .
it 's sweeter that i 've had to go through everything over the years .
" they can fall backwards on their mountains of cash , " he said .
tigers , it is safe to say , would not be on the list .
at olinda ranch , what look from afar like tile roofs actually are concrete .
mr ban says such allegations should be investigated but not by the un inquiry .
7 , after which he went on the disabled list with a sore shoulder .
such versatility may make the case for his inclusion against fulham difficult to resist .
allen passed walter davis for 36th on the nba 's career scoring list . ...
a great uncle says the little girl knew just about everybody on the block .
but how much the increased zeal of regulators will create cleaner markets is debatable .
the former not only personally killed students but organised the campus massacre as well .
the appeals court ruling , however , doesn 't necessarily square with legal precedent .
everyone thinks god and justice are on their side ; the rich know it .
most of the money came from bonds issued by arlington 's industrial development authority .
swedish defense company saab received the contract award from the swedish defense materiel administration .
our platform exists to support public debate and we are reluctant to censor this .
merchant warehouse also utilizes the latest technologies in its advanced credit card processing solutions .
temple gunmen killed ryan , three journalists and a defector on a nearby airstrip .
our team have been through a lot and results have slipped through our fingers .
also , there are special reporting requirements for accounts of more than $ 10,000 .
" only one in ten products will succeed " was a mortimer sackler maxim .
do you have friends and a life there since you 've been part-time relocated ?
the judge , mr justice king , said he would sentence clark on friday .
pimping mccain was de rigeur for elite media types for most of this century .
painstaking attention to detail is evident throughout the 400-square-foot boat , which sleeps four .
" fair isle is one of my favourite birding locations , " he said .
mr murphy said he welcomed the benefits the dual-carriageway would bring to road users .
at 14-4 , detroit and the la angels of anaheim shared best record honors .
shortstop ryan theriot said derosa started to have a problem while taking grounders saturday .
currently units are deploying for 15 months and getting about 12 months at home .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.00 bst on thursday 28 october 2010 .
trying to choose among the shows is difficult even for the most devoted fans .
it is expected that the three firms will update the regulator early next year .
others , though , decided to leave with as many possessions as they could .
several other players were accused of crimes in two off-field brawls with other students .
men instinctively know that " greed is good , " a study has shown .
now i am really starting to think this is another republican backed scare tactic .
mr. president your priorities are way out of whack and you should be ashamed !
most analysts reckon it 's a blip on a rocky road heading further down .
campaigners for gurkhas ' rights are celebrating a surprise commons defeat for the government .
they became stars when their tennis proficiency caught up to their size and strength .
almost two thirds of them were supporting clinton , their usual margin for her .
we want the un and international community to interfere so there will be peace .
some islanders still speak jerriais , an odd blend of norman french and norse .
the partially-improvised comedy is shot with handheld cameras to give it a documentary feel .
" my granddad was a train driver for british rail , " he says .
a dozen players were within five shots of wetterich going into the last round .
the queen led a " common riding " into the parliament on 30 june .
a decade long lending boom based on cheap credit came to an abrupt end .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu 's office said he was not involved in the matter .
a replay of this audio webcast will be available for up to ninety days .
she was turned off by one abortion clinic , and never tried visiting another ?
today , its major priority should be to preserve home ownership among senior citizens .
i said ' take whatever you want , please don 't hurt me ' .
this is the first major clinical trial to show it quickly improves artery health .
" this represents a big giveback to the canine species , " bryan said .
no , the by-election is important because it was a terrible result for labour .
they were outscored , 30-13 , in the third quarter in a 103-95 loss .
60 year-old woman arrested three times in three days for drunk driving in wisconsin .
two former presidents are leading relief fundraising ( http : / / www.clintonbushhaitifund.org ) .
and the writers who have flirted with the project include a nobel prize winner .
it spread rapidly and she died at home and in her sleep yesterday morning .
ali reza sheikh attar , iran 's ambassador to germany , denied those allegations .
a neighbor said two men had moved into the apartment about two weeks ago .
this must look at " outside interests " including second jobs , he added .
he was placed on the sex offenders register and will be sentenced next month .
this way , you 're not correcting anyone , just reinforcing a desired result .
roberts : you tend to be right on these things on occasion , though .
mr kennedy is a big fan of portuguese water dogs and owns three himself .
after retiring as an mp , he concentrated on improving housing conditions in glasgow .
two states will vote this year on propositions aimed at reversing this perceived decline .
but would a regime that combines bail-out and default satisfy the german constitutional court ?
" of course this number is a record low , but everybody expected that .
if this last happened , mr brown would be received with acclamation and surprise .
it 's stunning how loudly the dead can speak , and with such eloquence .
thousands of people fled to shelters in towns on both sides of the border .
lakesia guinyard 's doe-eyed 5-year-old edward gripped her hand as they waited their turn .
prices also fell on easing geopolitical tensions involving crude producer venezuela , they added .
they are starving there and i cannot afford to send something for them .
that money is supposed to finance the fight against al qaeda and the taliban .
" what i encounter is , ' how can i not offend my mom ?
but it can open the door to all sorts of trouble in its neighbourhood .
the community now has firmly thrown its lot in with the kurdish regional government .
the military stands ready to give its blood and limbs to protect this country .
woods is left frustrated again as a birdie attempt on the 12th narrowly misses .
artyukhin was obtained from anaheim monday and macarthur was picked up from buffalo wednesday .
mangkusubroto said he is preparing incentives and compensation for firms such as land swaps .
heaps , of woodside terrace , crumlin , south wales , had denied murder .
appeals to moral principles or individual rights were seen as reactionary hurdles to progress .
known as villa vittoriosa , it is the largest single-family home in fayette county .
woertz 's compensation also included $ 12,250 in company contributions to her retirement plan .
one day one of the children is at home as the door handle jiggles .
he speaks every bit as leisurely as jeremy clarkson likes to suggest he drives .
' dancing with the stars ' : can shawn johnson win show choreography emmy ?
but much will hang on who leaves and who joins the powerful standing committee .
awakening councils are the u.s.-backed sunni arab groups that oppose al qaeda in iraq .
as with most things - if you seek a motive , follow the money .
republicans are proclaiming victory after their candidates won statehouses in new jersey and virginia .
i like to spoil coco but we don 't want to create a monster .
a shell spokesman in nigeria said the company did not comment on security matters .
but they are less than the 35 percent annual increases electricity company eskom requested .
a short while later the woman noticed an amount of cash had been taken .
we have seen before that we are capable of playing at a high level .
on the hill where the campaign for free access to britain 's wilderness began .
but it 's the modern recession and banking crisis that is driving her business .
" say it directly to him , " said mr. lehrer , the moderator .
meanwhile , low birth rates mean the working-age population will grow slowly or decline .
there , he met and befriended george osborne , now the conservative shadow chancellor .
i 'm excited for this because it creates competition to make the better product .
he said the cancer was caught in an early stage and had not spread .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.45 gmt on tuesday 16 february 2010 .
he said the chinese aren 't doing enough to stop the killing in darfur .
a spokesman for o 'malley did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment .
if i resist , scalp is all i think about , feel , sense .
the airline said it 's increasing flights in asia , which are more profitable .
universally praised and the only animated film to receive a best picture oscar nomination .
mortgage brokers forged borrowers ' signatures and pumped up their income , he said .
he wants to reform health care and says nobody will be required to change .
the sec move is part of a groundswell of support for shareholders ' rights .
remaining fixtures : 9 dec : chelsea v cfr cluj ; roma v bordeaux .
the car , a blue ford fiesta , came to rest on its roof .
the troops marched into baladwayne on friday with somali government soldiers , they said .
he has promoted his self-styled revolution as a counterweight to u.s. free market policies .
" this is a careless waste of precious nhs money , " he said .
but is this preseason storm an indication of a busy hurricane season to come ?
now , with the aclu on board , he wants to continue the fight .
online retailer americanmuscle.com has made giving thanks to these proud servants its ongoing goal .
cleveland closer kerry wood ( 1-2 ) had a three-run lead in the ninth .
les sables is in the vendée , the most independent-minded province in all france .
the rebels also demanded a demilitarized zone to negotiate prisoner exchanges with government envoys .
at least one of its community centers has already been affected by government budget-cutting .
we 've learned to conform to the catholic faith instead of the catholic hierarchy .
soon after he spoke , police fired tear at protesting lawyers in the city .
the banqueting house became a chapel royal in 1698 and a museum in 1890 .
the former massachusetts governor and republican presidential candidate calls for economic and civic revitalization .
" i definitely don 't have any answers , " center david lee said .
oil prices just hit $ 75 a barrel , their highest level this year .
sitting at the defense table , she chatted with defense attorney a. scott bolden .
gaza 's universities only offer limited undergraduate programs , and even fewer graduate courses .
how should gordon ramsay feel about being the uk 's top restaurant chain operator ?
los angeles -- it is another lazy , midweek summer evening at dodger stadium .
reykjavik , iceland , january 5 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- decode genetics , inc .
callero had a record of 117-105 in eight years , with five winning seasons .
wednesday after he failed to get courts to listen to his claims of innocence .
" it 's in our interest to help iraq succeed , " he said .
the white hyundai looked as if it had been involved in a high-speed crash .
hospital bosses said they had to choose hospitals able to offer the best care .
the only exceptions to those provisions are those reserved by most existing democratic societies .
your lender will be happy to help and will discuss all the options available .
four appeals judges ruled unanimously in his favor , the new york times reported .
authorities are prosecuting her , along with two of her maids , for subversion .
firefighters doused flames , and other emergency workers scrambled to rescue people from rubble .
just talking about better relations is clearly not enough to get tehran 's attention .
but palestinian officials were dismayed and called on the international community to challenge israel .
dan pompei writes regularly for nbcsports.com and covers the bears for the chicago tribune .
alex ovechkin scored into an empty net for his 33rd goal of the season .
" in my mind , it was worth the effort , " he said .
the company also wrote to nhtsa officials , saying they should deny the petition .
those questions have focused on witnesses ' recollections of the timing of their actions .
intel had reportedly released marketing literature to governments which overtly criticised the olpc approach .
cnn said goodman didn 't say to what medicine winehouse had a negative reaction .
the couple who attended uninvited had been auditioning earlier for a reality tv show .
stepan caught canada 's defense flat-footed and raced in to bang the puck in .
but how far will the president go in scolding states identified by the commission ?
" i couldn 't get her out of my mind , " he said .
he also repeatedly denied knowing that any members of his entourage were carrying guns .
harper spoke for the first time about the effect keegan 's departure has had .
mr marks said he did not think that food prices would start to fall .
the great majority of patients had recovered within two months , whatever the treatment .
abel beat tomasz kuszczak at his near post to put sporting ahead early on .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 09.41 bst on thursday 8 october 2009 .
the fsa 's meeting in london on wednesday will also involve the british government .
the dnr puts the number of bruins in western maryland at more than 600 .
a clue to the reasons behind the reticence came just before our second broadcast .
dc comics has killed off clark kent 's earth father with a heart attack .
the government announced plans to seek a strategic investor in ote two years ago .
one of the negative fighting games krafsky describes in his book is put-down tag .
india , the fourth team in the second round , beat bangladesh on saturday .
what murray did against gulbis shows us what he can do against viktor troicki .
the bbc understands sir ian kennedy will run the new independent parliamentary standards authority .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.14 bst on monday 12 october 2009 .
seven journalists and two bloggers are imprisoned in iran , reporters without borders said .
five respected law professors have filed a brief in support of cuban 's position .
" for some reason they came out bit by bit , piece by piece .
an earthquake could flood much of the delta , which is below sea level .
if this was real science , it would be sufficient to refute the premise .
talks failed to start as planned at 1030 gmt due to the african protest .
the ability of print media to make - or break - anything is waning .
in march , carson went down to lyons to fish with his old buddy .
relatives of the victims campaigned hard for passage and congress passed the measure unanimously .
" this is an excellent new year gift to russia , " said putin .
the benchmark index rose 56.96 points to 5004.30 , a rise of 1.2 percent .
the result can be a heart attack or even death , " he said .
lanarkshire has won the race to host the international children 's games in 2011 .
the analysts who still have jobs may finally get a good night 's sleep .
mr patterson said alternate lights would be switched off under the authority 's plamns .
they want the issue to be raised at the eu-us summit agenda next month .
mccain on sunday was campaigning in iowa , where palin campaigned the day before .
a system of justice is more ennobled by ensuring justice than by displaying clemency .
in any case , policymakers need to be realistic about what intelligence can achieve .
we need quick solutions and bamboo is a quick solution , " hardy says .
try holding down your power button for 6 seconds and see what that does .
both fighters landed punches after the bell ending the round as the tension grew .
the rescue plan also calls for 9,000 job cuts and changes in top management .
now the two are headed for court in a complicated , four-year riches-to-rags squabble .
tagged with abs , cdo , cmbs , rmbs , structured finance , unemployment .
the medical board said chen had a toxic reaction to a drug rutland administered .
the less driving people do , the fewer people will die on the roads .
this transfers money to the 70 % of the population living in the countryside .
activists say this has resulted in a surge of violence that has turned deadly .
in fairness to wolfe , one might argue that the critics missed the point .
there is no evidence that antibiotics have any positive impact on the 0157 strain .
arab states were not shy in criticizing bush 's arms-length approach up to now .
cnnmoney.com privacy statement . • is a financial planner trying to swindle my mom ?
" he is such a smooth driver it is incredible , " brawn said .
each underwent microdermabrasion with a diamond-studded handpiece of either a coarse-grit or medium-grit abrasiveness .
he told the court he kept the money at home because he distrusted banks .
he tried to explain to them that that is the entire point of exams .
mr harrison dismissed arguments from the caa and baa that there was proper consultation .
by most measures , the average smoker is less privileged than the average nonsmoker .
a statement belt ( as seen at valentino ) will define the waist further .
he had neither the patience nor the persistence to woo clients who bored him .
the president was notified of the potential terrorist threat at 10 : 35 p.m.
police said the driver apparently lost control of the vehicle after its brakes failed .
some cosmetic companies have even used them to smell flower frangrances for their perfumes .
" at the time , people thought i was crazy , " he recalled .
commission , including our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended dec .
it needs $ 3m to run , and is funded year by year only .
mr. durak 's subjects look into his camera with a directness that is startling .
( 16 ) " csi : ny , " cbs , 12.79 million viewers .
say on pay is by no means universally lauded in governance circles , either .
he believed that adverse emotional events in and out of the family caused psychopathology .
written and directed by john lee hancock , the movie also stars kathy bates .
vincent jay had earlier won france 's first gold in the 10km biathlon sprint .
her limbs wasted , her stomach bloated , her hair thinning and falling out .
the mosque is usually restricted to active and retired military personnel and their families .
the couple 's young son also was slain in the family 's georgia home .
but scant fat plus hardcore exercise doesn 't necessarily translate to a healthy body .
rim focused on streamlining installation and administration with the software , the company said .
whitehall spending on consultancy will be halved and on marketing cut by a quarter .
an argument is brewing about whether the displaced should be housed in organised camps .
neither the hospital nor the military had any details on how anderson was injured .
after a conversation -- in person -- she and matt decided to stay together .
my wife had a £ 50,000 bond with it to mature two months ago .
police warned travellers to use " extreme caution " amid fears of heavy delays .
investigators have impounded the suv to search it for any blood or gun residue .
the article is the latest criticism of a theory that has been widely discredited .
i closed my eyes and covered them with my hands for a few minutes .
defensive end reggie hayward , though , said the pressure will be on vick .
our chaps also liked the sound of the ten-year tax exemption for foreign investors .
doctors in australia have successfully separated conjoined bangladeshi twins who had shared a brain .
the fashion crowd moves next to paris , where the pret-a-porter shows begin sunday .
reforestation improves air and water quality , reduces greenhouse gases and lowers energy costs .
the doctors who treated bekhruzbek are now on trial , accused of infecting him .
the cause was a brain tumor , his wife , lisa citron , said .
15 president bush is to give a detailed accounting of the situation in iraq .
remind me - was it christopher booker who warned us that this would happen ?
they were against the browns , against whom torain gets to run on thursday .
the road was closed for a number of hours as officers carried out investigations .
the volunteers , who were outrebounded 43-28 , dropped to 0-5 in regional semifinals .
industries related to construction and automobiles continue to report some of the biggest losses .
a high-minded thought , but artists also hunger for their work to be known .
i am thinking of moving to france and spending £ 325,000 on a property .
" but since then it has been a disappointing year , " he added .
we had been watching the local channels , and then switched to cable news .
wagoner said the change in the u.s. market to smaller vehicles likely is permanent .
the only exception was new car warranty claims which fiat agreed to pick up .
some 600,000 doctors who care for medicare patients face a 10.6 percent fee cut .
more than half of those affected are minorities , principally black people and hispanics .
however , there are others who entered remission and are very much alive today .
he said he had not spoken to prime minister gordon brown since last weekend .
they had visited a clinic together and his wife had taken up birth control .
a police constable is paid between £ 21,009 and £ 32,985 , excluding overtime .
they were found to contain about 42 lbs ( 19kg ) of cannabis resin .
" but i don 't think one person will test positive for any drugs .
" the monks are telling the public not to take part in the protests .
luckily for them , a suburban police officer moonlights as an exotic animal wrangler .
the verizon-apple news left open the possibility of the iphone appearing on other carriers .
once students have chosen a statement to stand by , hold a brief discussion .
" one is that we apply for a warrant to the international criminal court .
the speech will be broadcast live on www.whitehouse.gov at 1 p.m. , eastern time .
but critics contend that the city may have inflated the value of the land .
silk flowers can surely be beautiful , but they may also become dust traps .
if it did , greek government bonds would trade in line with german bunds .
mcneill began abusing vargas on that trip and the boy became withdrawn and unhappy .
january corn futures jumped between 20 and 25 cents to $ 6.30 a bushel .
or it could provide a lucrative way to reward loyalty to party and president .
because the establishment of a pure hebrew state is not in their own interest .
there , he is always the same guy , steady , with no surprises .
believe it or not , i rejoiced at peter mandelson 's return to government .
it 's important to know your brand , as trump told him many times .
the minister said the move had reduced the time officers spent off the beat .
tattoo parlors , trashy souvenir shops and bleary-eyed lost souls still line hollywood boulevard .
in london trading on tuesday , rbs shares plunged 5.08 percent to 36.69 pence .
7 when he tipped over a chest of drawers holding a large tv set .
in california , conservatives also chose romney over mccain , 46 to 30 percent .
twenty percent reported being current cigarette smokers , down from 28 percent in 1991 .
the sessions will cover a wide range of topical issues , including education reform .
washington also could overshoot its target , sparking rampant inflation when the economy recovers .
mr brown was among 13 ministers whose expense claims were scrutinised by the telegraph .
he offered no evidence , and his allegations were rejected as false and absurd .
mobley 's father , charles , said the family was waiting for further information .
its portfolio includes more than 200 brands , including stella artois and beck 's .
part of this is down to me being tighter than two coats of paint .
honest john advises on a load-lugger that 's also easy to enter and exit .
they 're easier because that is one situation where consumer lingo mirrors botany 's .
( people.com ) -- he 's not people 's sexiest man alive for nothing .
for the first time in a decade the spd is to become the opposition .
ufl spokeswoman rachel gary confirmed huyghue 's comments and that he is in europe .
but he 's also a boy who , frankly , can act like one .
what issues matter to you and what do you think will influence your vote ?
" heʼs going to tell the government everything he knows , " onorato said .
he took the opportunity not only to praise the dead , but athens itself .
mussolini had entered , and was chatting to the british ambassador on his right .
" we were flying by the seat of our pants , " starsia said .
" to do so would embarrass the other members of my criminal conspiracy . "
can we please get someone in here who hasn 't already crowned the nominee ?
figures out on thursday suggested 9.3 % were neet at the end of 2009 .
submissions will be judged by yoko ono and leading scottish poet , jackie kay .
it moved perhaps the furthest away from the basic tablet idea with the iconia .
he found the body of his seven-year-old daughter at the foot of the tree .
it 's 65-56 , usa , with 1 : 30 left in the half .
west ham lacked the punch , ironically , to complement an abundance of possession .
head-turning quotient : the car 's looks drew rave reviews everywhere it was driven .
he will be competing in his fifth motogp season in 2009 aboard a yamaha .
booksellers predicted that wolf hall would go on to outsell all previous booker winners .
when authorities finally gained entrance to the three-story building , no one was inside .
frankly , i feel that she would have a tremendous career in the senate .
it is time that lord rooker , and english nature , educated the squirrel-ignorant .
penn has taken some heat for the many hats he is wearing these days .
montoya might not be feeling the pressure , but brian pattie most definitely was .
what causes some men to develop breasts , and how it can be treated .
sentencing elsdon , judge merfyn hughes told him he had been motivated by greed .
according to peta 's web site , vick apologized for his abuse of dogs .
liz : they just weren 't right for those women , that 's all .
about two and half minutes later , hunter ran untouched for a 23-yard touchdown .
health and environmental campaigners wanted more stringent limits but industry has lobbied against them .
it 's grim , it 's joyless , and it 's almost always overcast .
kind of makes the bold , cool , hip , president look pretty lame .
talks continue , but the split appears to be bad news for press freedom .
although i say for sure that there aren ; t any eejits out there .
i might expect a coordinated attempt at keeping the slide from becoming an avalanche .
no reports of power outages were heard on city fire or police dispatch channels .
at least 200 patrons were reportedly in the one-story nightclub when the fire began .
the pinnacle notes , like the minibonds , are forms of credit linked notes .
passing the fit and proper person test should not be a problem for kroenke .
isn 't this the guy that said he consults wright before bold political moves ?
the incident has closed broadway west between bescot retail park and west bromwich road .
the rest , as the many lawyers among them might say , is dictum .
fellowship was third and egyptian ra completed a first-through-fourth sweep for hong kong horses .
but on tuesday the company managed to reverse the decision in a higher court .
yes , the press is there to report and journalists do a fantastic job .
they are known principally from their gravitational effects on galaxies and other normal matter .
who will now get a fully accredited physical-education program from our local y.m.c.a. !
the chancellor unveiled plans to offer motorists £ 2,000 to trade in used cars .
so , i don 't believe government can legislate virtue , " said paul .
a delicate process began , including non-intrusive 3d laser scanning of takabuti 's face .
this moral turn echoes an international debate about the " right to health . "
so did a red-tailed hawk and a great horned owl , among other animals .
would the elimination of saturday delivery be met with the same public outcry now ?
he picked a busy spot , with several hundred people passing him every hour .
two muslims passing the church were among 10 people reportedly injured in the attack .
you and i would hate that in the same way they hate our democracy .
you may need to add a little more butter or oil at this point .
pro-choice campaigners have also travelled to westminster to make their case for the bill .
along the same cliffs around cancale , phil and vinca undergo their sexual awakening .
midnight feasts of strawberries and cream , a spot of nightclubbing after a five-setter .
i watch shafiq as he loudly and confidently repeats names of animals in english .
the charges against qousy include material support for terrorism and conspiracy to commit terrorism .
he later moved back to britain , but continued to work in electrical products .
much of the money to extend the phone service is coming from private backers .
she said that she 'd have to throw away all her unsold meat pies .
the new proposal requires that the articles published in peer-reviewed journals not be misleading .
based on obama 's own words , the idea might not be too far-fetched .
zimbabwe has the highest literacy rate in africa at 90 % of the population .
kuwait 's exchange was the only gulf market to post an increase on tuesday .
are there any exercises i can do that won 't affect my low back ?
" china gives top priority to developing renewable energy , " the report promised .
her strong serving then came to her rescue as she moved a set ahead .
there , while taxiing at night , he ran down and killed a classmate .
born again : white evangelicals were 33 percent of the vote here in 2004 .
an expansion of the college has also been suggested to provide an arts centre .
" i want my kid to go to school , " said mr mathul .
the roof terrace is a sun trap with a bar and jacuzzi for sundowners .
but the court said a ruling was now expected to be announced tuesday afternoon .
the court held him responsible for the deaths of three detainees there as well .
and u.s. counter-terror forces are responding , as csb news correspondent sheila macvicar reports .
their claim to fame would have to be the dinosaurs ' thick bony caps .
by 2007 , however , the fund was almost entirely invested in subprime securities .
the anthonys ' attorney arguing they are too in distress to testify under oath .
not to be missed , several intriguing bottles , notably those of the emperor .
the plane resumed shooting within seconds after the hospital was out of its sights .
refrigerated trucks have arrived to serve as mortuaries while the search for bodies continues .
she has pleaded not guilty to six charges of deception and nine of money-laundering .
michigan state vs. maryland at spokane , wash . , 2 : 30 p.m.
" the situation was very tense to say the least , " he said .
the solvent majority who give tenants a good deal already feel overwhelmed by officialdom .
jewellery buyers also returned to the market in droves on a lower gold price .
essex police urged anyone who may have information about possible suspects to come forward .
the master has a walk-in closet , built-in storage and an adjoining sitting room .
they can track a package down to where it is anywhere in the country .
chief operating officer michael williams is in line for a $ 1.3 million bonus .
hearing the answer , he replied with one extended syllable : " boooooo . "
it is not the restriction on calories that are extending life ! ! ! !
you are elected to listen to the people , so why don 't you .
eto 'o's agent said yesterday the player had agreed personal terms with inter .
during the industrial action south yorkshire fire authority management staff will operate the service .
a belief circulated that he robbed from the rich to give to the poor .
obama is an unqualified politician with pollyanna ideas which will cause the next war .
a 17-year-old boy has died from his injuries after a car crash in warwickshire .
the five who were detained were to make their first court appearance on tuesday .
the decision was taken after discussions between number 10 and mr cameron 's office .
labour doesn 't want him as its leader , and it won 't happen .
it is rare for a painting 's attribution to be " traded up . "
huckabee dismissed such challenges , determined to fight on until mccain clinched the nomination .
the robbers made off with the keys to his subaru impreza and vauxhall vectra .
the church is believed to be built on the site where jesus was crucified .
the hang seng closed 678.75 points , or 4.6 percent , higher at 15,580.16 .
the mission statement wasn 't formally incorporated into helmsley 's will or trust documents .
for instructions on how to use libraries , see this post on windows live .
the democratic senator recently said he wished he had more time for staying fit .
another juror , a black woman , took offense and accused her of racism .
the choice of the word " frank " usually means disagreement in diplomatic language .
and what does he learn about mr. cage , who helped produce this fiasco ?
her union has 30 days to appeal the arbitration ruling , the report said .
there has also been a surge in viewing of big-event television in the us .
witnesses say four men ambushed the troops ' patrol firing a rocket propelled grenade .
the w4100 's standard was about equal to the medium setting on the samsung .
they are common in africa and other developing countries where prenatal care is limited .
on top of those divisions , the " climategate " controversy received further attention .
what is the most important issue in the run up to the general election ?
dowling works for frito-lay in arizona , and therriault works for pepsico in chicago .
gaojiagou , china ( reuters ) - ten-year old yilong is already a statistic .
if they wanted to elect a candidate other than sen. obama , they could .
the circuit court where he would serve , if confirmed , overturned the ruling .
no special effects were used for any of these displays , national geographic says .
the product once envisioned as a new type of wallpaper turns 50 this month .
these included subprime loans made to borrowers with bad credit or heavy debt loads .
now , they 're in most metropolitan areas across the country , gehrt said .
all told , this last visit to hubble cost more than $ 1 billion .
we all behave differently with our kids when we think no one is watching .
this truly global partnership has delivered ambitious conservation targets on time and under budget .
yac meets again on january 17 , 2008 , at 4 : 00 p.m.
what you described may be true if you were talking about the china pre-1978 .
the ria de alvor is a mild start to the algarve 's wild west .
you will need a hammer , pliers , tongs , gloves and protective goggles .
a train was hijacked this week , but that does not alter their thoughts ?
as a freshman , he averaged 6.0 points and 4.0 assists in 23 starts .
however , an amnesty held under the previous administration failed to halt the violence .
couples already in civil unions have three options to convert their statuses to marriages .
bathing in milk ( or drinking it ) can help you have great skin .
as religions propagate and expand , they absorb followers of all kinds and denominations .
analysts said that origin 's coal-seam methane could provide gas for a second plant .
meet the young gunmen who robbed 50 x-rated movies from an adult film store .
and in that you can see a pattern and that 's what you want .
" stop ! " she screams , and her band-mates shudder to a halt .
i also want to applaud your illustration of the elephant not in the picture !
the blog gayuganda reported on the arrests of gay men in senegal in february .
but we also take the inevitable disciplinary action : every thief gets the sack .
burton 's latest pitches its heroine headfirst on a return trip down the rabbit-hole .
no one is talking about building a route from los angeles to new york .
the company 's business model is very much like that of an automobile manufacturer .
in the 20th over , thushara struck a double blow with his left-arm seamers .
contracts won by turkish construction firms in iraq in 2007 topped $ 4 billion .
investors are angling for a half-point cut following its emergency three-quarter-point cut last week .
the bowbelle was subsequently sold to a madeiran dredging company and renamed bob rei .
it 's utterly weird seeing oil tankers and container ships thousands of miles inland .
they have nothing ... there 's no hope that they will ever have anything .
however , since then the pro tour has met with resistance on several fronts .
he expanded on the effort he put into love scenes for people in 1991 .
the suit ( much like well-timed publicity ) comes as both chains are expanding .
some acts of censorship are titillating and promotable , while others are downright embarrassing .
other observers say that the reprinting of the cartoon may have aggravated the situation .
he totaled 547.25 points heading into the tuesday evening final at the water cube .
to learn more , visit www.modelmetrics.com or email info @ modelmetrics.com or call 877.542.2885 .
the scots were under instant pressure when their opening clearance kick was charged down .
nothing unusual there at all.sickness respects neither age nor class , wealth nor parenthood .
a los angeles county affidavit says brown gave rihanna a vicious and continuous beating .
iran can 't spark---what 's been going on for several decades already !
they also managed 11 singles and no extra-base hits for the second straight game .
revenues on the firm 's bus network were up 7 % over the period .
in 2008 , the survey found 2,550 items found per kilometre of welsh shoreline .
thus clinton tried to keep obama 's link with rezko alive as an issue .
ironically , those serbs who have a job are often better off than albanians .
the technology-heavy nasdaq composite index fell 20.95 , or 0.89 percent , to 2,339.97 .
jon gosselin allegedly gave glassman a black diamond engagement ring to seal the deal .
jammed subway platforms dotted the capital , while commuter train platforms were unusually empty .
the third generation is going to be beyond the paper into the digital realm .
it 's a concern that 's been lost in the glamour of the business .
big brother has created a house of horrors for this week 's shopping task .
but civilians waiting in line for visas outside the embassy were among the casualties .
" the symptoms started last sunday when i got home , " she said .
" i have given them no reason to think that , " he said .
a police spokesman said they believe the victim and the suspect knew each other .
in a gruppetto off the back of the peloton - he 's no climber .
the products include everything from custom nutrition tests to vitamins to blueberry pomegranate bars .
" the good news is that there are no motorists stranded in their vehicles .
the pontiff admired the technology that allows hawking to speak through a voice synthesizer .
" he said it is a catastrophe of major proportions , " joseph said .
home depot said its profit fell 66 percent as the housing crisis hurt sales .
and by the standards of past summits , this one was full of accomplishment .
fitzsimons is the first foreign national charged under iraqi law since the 2003 invasion .
but how real are these signs , and how long will the recession last ?
indonesian whalers leap into the water , harpoons poised to catch a sperm whale .
matchup inside : taj gibson , a 6-foot-9 junior , gives usc an advantage .
yet polygamy , though illegal , didn 't spark the crackdown in recent years .
he said isaf has " no evidence " the bombs hit a housing compound .
the price of the rights-issue shares is set to be announced on november 24 .
june , do not , under any circumstances , move in with this man .
grooved boards allow for the optional phantom hidden fastener system for fastener-free deck designs .
juan williams was paid by npr as an analyst , to give his opinion .
the seven journalists were offered a shower and dry clothes , stuff website reported .
but critics warn this has given fannie mae and freddie mac a blank check .
next week is shaping up as a big one for cupertino , california-based apple .
the goals saturday raised his tally to 151 goals in nine seasons for chelsea .
if the picture was depressing for mothers , it was entirely bleak for grandmothers .
more knowledge about this will help with management of natural resources and the environment .
this holiday , the shortest day of the year was also the most frantic .
how can an applicant reflect that orientation in his or her résumé ? 2 .
in addition to obama 's statement , condolences from other world leaders poured in .
many commanders started companies that quickly dominated the economy by winning major government contracts .
faced with claims of westminster munificence , the first minister reacted with typical theatricality .
now the 20 year-old seemed like he really cared and his dominance was stunning .
comment : i love our country , the consitution and principles that ran it .
as michelle experiences a career high , ciara falls victim to a career low .
it is astonishing how much of britain 's landscape remains under threat of spoliation .
very unequal societies , however , make it harder for them to be expressed .
booz & company said it surveyed 1,800 british consumers between february 17 and 24 .
the sudanese government denies backing the janjaweed and says the death figures are inflated .
i lie face down on the table , gel on , and steel myself .
that , he concluded , could not continue if nato wanted to remain relevant .
you put it on the floor and the dogs clean up the bowl . "
" i cannot wait for that tournament to come , " mickelson said .
in los angeles , at least , american we are all , it seems .
heightened transportation security remained in effect across the capital and in cities across russia .
but they raise far more questions than they answer and the picture remains incomplete .
wilbur l. ross , chairman and chief executive officer of wl ross & co .
the elements of the blundering brown narrative may not be this leader 's fault .
atlantis circled earth 202 times during its mission , which began on february 7 .
unlike the real estate segments , ebdt for the nets segment equals net earnings .
ms begum had clearly figured out the mathematics of walk-versus-wait long before the scientists .
he 's blocking each distraction as if it 's another curveball in the dirt .
he shared the prize with british-american anthony leggett and russian-born u.s. scientist alexei abrikosov .
more than 10.5 million playstation 3s were sold worldwide by the end of 2007 .
rock music blares from a sound system as a color guard stands at attention .
vick also is restricted to his virginia residence from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m.
i suspect that there will be legal hell to pay at a later date .
the two neighbors have fought three wars after gaining independence from britain in 1947 .
forty-two-year-old shamsa nur ali was one of those who could stand it no longer .
i wouldn 't bet the home , even the show home , on it .
when shellfish are harvested intelligently , more care is taken of their marine habitat .
hopefully , these 2 people can move on and have a happy good life .
melissa feels that she is being cast as the domineering wife and grudging daughter-in-law .
a new series based on this would boost the credibility of scottish economic statistics .
old trafford is in party mood already , the fans are in good voice .
brad bird , you assume , is a man who clearly knows his onions .
he also said deffenbaugh was not involved in all day-to-day operations of the cemetery .
he later served as a coach to the jamaica team from 1954 to 1973 .
mr. pourmohammadi said the results would be final after the guardian council confirmed them .
but in the case of lust , young said , this desire is wrong .
the board is expected to meet over the weekend to discuss the latest bid .
tom watson proved that with two rounds that were 10 shots better than woods .
twenty guantanamo detainees are facing charges , including five alleged plotters of the sept .
crockett sobbed quietly as prosecutors showed witnesses pictures of gilpin with friends and family .
the 59-member jury panel is composed of senior motoring journalists from 23 european countries .
the cause was a heart attack , his wife , nanette rainone , said .
for advertising inquiries , please contact gabrielle stoller at stollge @ nytimes.com or 212-556-3523 .
as the weather starts to improve , check that the compost is evenly moist .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.17 gmt on saturday 28 november 2009 .
the indictment also names boyd 's two sons -- 20-year-old zakariya and 22-year-old dylan .
november 2006 : the boyfriend moves into the home of baby p 's mother .
calvo will speak today at a forum at the cato institute about police raids .
" it is a big event , one that i am very pleased about .
the figure is more than double the final total of appeals for last year .
until that day , gibsland was perhaps best known as louisiana 's daffodil capital .
the conference was open to members of saddam hussein 's now outlawed baath party .
coach has several sequined pieces that make sense for the office and for evening .
investors also awaited fiscal-fourth quarter results from lehman brothers holdings inc. expected thursday morning .
biden also survived a blood clot that lodged in his lung as he recuperated .
gazprom neft has since built up a stake of 27.5 per cent in sibir .
chapel elder ivan davies said : " it 's the end of a era .
rescuers were searching for the trapped miners , xinhua said , citing local authorities .
from the high-fashion runways to the streets of new york -- they 're baaack !
once the peintre celebre gelding found his best stride , the outcome was clear .
there are now 2,779 specialist schools - 86 % of all secondaries in england .
japanese companies have sharply cut back on spending amid the unfolding global financial crisis .
rescuers were alerted by a distress signal in the early hours of the morning .
that is an average increase of about 3.3 % , according to the figures .
the undisputed super-middleweight champion will fight hopkins at the light-heavyweight limit on 19 april .
the cbd online business was a cash cow for levenson-peskowitz for almost a decade .
police described mr williams 's swim as " an incredible act of courage . "
people can train their brains just as they do their bodies , kawashima says .
butler shot just 31 percent from the floor compared to georgetown 's 45 percent .
sharper , however , was not a part of minnesota 's plans in 2009 .
bragg is refusing to pay tax on his earnings until the limit is imposed .
two polar bears , vera and vilma , gave birth a few weeks ago .
the capitalized interest income of the ppp projects exceeded the correspondingly higher interest charges .
portman : i was i was going to say the same thing about rendell .
my answer is that obama 's success wasn 't down to one good man .
the principle was soon demonstrated for other genes on the x chromosome as well .
today , we had a conversation with a woman who is running an orphanage .
" i just wanted to see how you are , " i 'd say .
this latest finding " proved dart was right , " dr. holloway said simply .
and mr. obama on tuesday already signed the main health care bill into law .
instead the iraqi police gave the jobs to shia muslims from outside the town .
a.d.m. closed up $ 2.37 , or 6.9 percent , at $ 36.89 .
the noughties was a period of such conspicuous consumption that it dwarfed the 1980s .
the church 's dossier contains allegations of sexual misconduct and financial wheeler-dealing involving parishioners .
he arrived just in time to witness another meteoric rise : tom brady 's .
the white house has proposed seven years of protected marketing for brand-name drug makers .
rihanna also won the award for favorite female soul / r & b artist .
christiana honsberg , stuart bowden and george maracas have been hired for the venture .
the authority of ayatollah ali khamenei , the supreme leader , has been destroyed .
civilians usually bear the brunt of attacks aimed at official installations or western troops .
one of these species even has both of the reptilian and mammalian jaw articulations .
the us federal reserve has been trying to restore confidence in the banking business .
binghamton and the america east 's reactions to the arrest will be closely watched .
television cameras appeared , and some of her more forceful comments were endlessly replayed .
" usually , these courtyards are finished with common brick , " he said .
that was unexpected because anxiety and symptoms of depression often go together in humans .
what we want to do is lay the foundations of an american philanthropy culture .
circling neighborhoods in northeast portland , the duo passed on a number of homes .
i don 't like her but i can understand why she 's doing it .
my mother 's not well and couldn 't look after my youngest after school .
" arctic sea ice holds a central position in our earth 's climate system .
add a few of your own , just to be on the safe side .
in addition to his hosting duties on fox 's " idol , " e !
we leave without a positive result but it 's not an ugly one either .
the principle of the presumption of innocence is the bedrock of our justice system .
the dollar was generally lower against other major currencies , while gold prices rose .
unlike the rest of britain , it seems , morgan hasn 't got talent .
diana was crushed against the front seat with her hand raised , rassinier said .
the healthcare vote is critical for obama and his fellow democrats who control congress .
but it still invites questions over whether europe 's case was worth the trouble .
thana , the thai army 's coordinator for the operation , denied the allegation .
some local tv reports said there were eight to 10 israelis at the location .
something is not quite right on the mammogram : come back for another one .
her latest film , science fiction adventure babylon ad , is out in 2008 .
first quarter tamiflu sales rose 38 per cent to sfr401m ( $ 369m ) .
the free market isn 't free and private enterprise has now become very public .
how could an already weakened greenback maintain its value as american economic prowess withered ?
" not yet , " soliven said , evaluating the threat every few seconds .
general shuqeir is close to nabih berri , the parliamentary speaker and amal leader .
the format is drawing criticism from republicans who contend democrats are operating in secret .
new chief constable matt baggott takes over the reins of the psni on tuesday .
he also made it clear that he had not consumed a lot of alcohol .
" it belies the high quality of , and potential arising from the combination .
emergency crews worked desperately to free 10-year-old aliana , who suffered catastrophic brain damage .
they have west wing ; we have the thick of it and yes minister .
yes , we have this sense but we still don 't have the reason .
anabel and three friends painted her room and embellished it with marimekko wall stickers .
" they would not have been detained if they didn 't do anything wrong .
the group said that demand for tickets from passengers outside london continued to rise .
this year 's awards are scheduled for april 16 at the chicago cultural center .
united cannot expect ronaldo to win games for them single-handedly all the time .
the only escape from cramped condos and overpriced studios , will be on foot .
sir andrew green , the chairman of migration watch uk , echoed that suggestion .
he blamed the deaths on unnamed people who want to bring down his government .
the last week of march , edgar complained to his mother of a headache .
how horribly awkward would it be until one of you flew back to earth ?
people will begin to migrate back to urban areas in search of better lives .
if miles were still alive , the demands for a reunion would be unbearable .
i had never met a psychic before and did not know what to expect .
u.s. courts in general have shown no inclination to interfere with operations in afghanistan .
" i started yelling at her , ' amy , don 't do this .
nevertheless verdasco is convinced nadal 's invincibility is due to come to an end .
14 ) celebration of the anniversaries of independence and peace days in january 2008 .
alabama , with green scoring eight points , jumped out to a 20-3 lead .
south korean lawmakers earlier received a similar briefing at a closed session of parliament .
moody 's move was based largely on assured guaranty 's exposure to mortgage-backed securities .
maybe not one of our greatest , but definitely not one of our worst .
( 1 ) ratios for the three and nine month period have been annualized .
" just a good job by the pitching staff today , " cuddyer said .
i 'd be like , " i definitely do not want to do this .
hamtramckis a city within the city that borders one of gm 's main factories .
of these 28 , only one was not high in sugar -- rice krispies .
" it was a responsible thing to do in 2009 , " perdue said .
his successor , zalmay khalilzad , a gregarious and affable diplomat , improved relations .
reiche wrote that the wood gas equipment is quieter than the gasoline-powered backup engine .
jamaat-ud-dawa was banned by pakistan after the u.n. declared it a front for lashkar .
to be fair , though , that has little to do with static electricity .
the download revolution starts here , the other one has already started in bangkok ?
the banking system remains under pressure from loan losses , and credit remains tight .
" we don 't comment on any matter of intelligence , " he said .
the two-week show , " the outsiders , " opens to the public friday .
who 's the most unlikely person you 've persuaded to do it with you ?
networks will send a warning when customers use up 80 percent of their allotment .
british tourists were among those leaving floral tributes at the scene of the blast .
the first autopsy had said he died as the result of a heart attack .
mr. obama 's strategists knew that some of these areas were not his strongest .
the most eye-catching move is the appoint of sir alan sugar as enterprise tsar .
won 't obama 's and mccain 's messages in spanish be lost on them ?
mcqueen and clements ribeiro are the first to be earmarked as future design superstars .
it was taking on a lot of its own dimensions , " says jones .
building societies have different views about what is going to happen in the future .
baker ski area cranked on its lifts , there was already a deep base .
it is under attack by right-wing ideologues , insane terrorists in their own right .
argentine activists protest against the impending startup of a paper pulp plant in uruguay .
azuz : there are several key issues that those talks will need to address .
" the admitted visitors perhaps left their ritual offerings just near the entrance wall .
our penal system ought to shift its focus from punishment and deterrence to rehabilitation .
until recently , " communicate " meant to talk face-to-face or on the phone .
the squeeze has been especially acute since plants reopened after an extended christmas shutdown .
we went into important rooms where government officials from different countries discuss international problems .
beth barrington ( the single girl ) -- um , have we seen her ?
on thursday , the u.s.-led coalition in afghanistan released video to support its account .
however , it is thought that only people outside the company are being considered .
moving to mars is the work of producer karen katz and director mat whitecross .
the problem with further delay for biden -- and senate democrats -- is twofold .
but the kerala model is under attack , one outbound worker at a time .
all seven were expected to arrive within four or five hours of each other .
10 : 37 : possibly the least closing-remarks-y closing remarks i have ever heard .
twelve vehicles have been damaged in a fire at a scrap yard in derby .
they took me back to the great genetically modified media feeding frenzy of 1998-99 .
she has now established six more , all on the neighbouring island of java .
" i think this is a warning for everyone , " mr. jenkins said .
last , but certainly not least , there are the devil 's weave attacks .
but there is nothing remote about the crisis now engulfing the western financial system .
instead , detainees must convince a military panel they pose no threat if released .
another firm , abi research , also mentioned the idea in a company blog .
once again , the answer depends on your household 's needs and your temperament .
india also needs oil and gas supplies and will do anything to get them .
when fidel castro stepped down , he reflected on his last visit to cuba .
the 24-hour period is compressed into a little over a minute and a half .
government bonds prices rose and yields fell as investors moved into less risky assets .
as for the holiday , make your indulgence more about quality , than quantity .
my college student daughter & i read the way we breathe - to live .
taxes and fees are additional ; air-and-hotel package rates are based on double occupancy .
in the end , the navy decided to truncate production to just three zumwalts .
the victims were later identified as ahmed hathem al-rubaie and his mother , mahasin .
they note that robert kennedy , another handsome young democrat , was assassinated too .
friends don 't always understand when a regretful seller buys back a former home .
standard & poor 's and moody 's both gave it a sub-investment grade rating .
the figures only show the absolute numbers of job cuts reported in the media .
he pleaded not guilty in july to federal charges of evading currency reporting laws .
these pained and anguished cries have been sounding across this country for eight years .
as they entered school , the ruble collapsed and their families ' savings shriveled .
after the hearing , he branded the process a waste of taxpayers ' money .
it happens so fast that i do not even think , i just react .
rick and simon will choose a lucky winner to star in the film sequel .
the klamath is one of the most important salmon rivers south of the columbia .
every major stock index is ending october with gains of more than 3 percent .
apparently everything that comes out of his head , mouth , hand is art .
he has known peggy whitson since they were both selected as astronauts in 1996 .
kaine ( d ) was in new york on monday and unavailable for comment .
the rest of us try it only once , thenceforth hit the scroll key .
if the misses are all about showmanship , these are about what is hidden .
" we can 't say we back criminalisation of clients at the present time .
the military is trying to salvage thousands of relics and artefacts from its rubble .
he did not tackle the child abuse issue in his own sermon on sunday .
isn 't it melodramatic to call the cuban missile crisis the worst crisis ever ?
like mr ganesh , mr mcdonald can vividly recall the day of the bombing .
samuelson disparages the budget cuts because congress has not always enforced promised spending reductions .
portsmouth have confirmed the departure of manager tony adams " with immediate effect . "
she 's too weak to call her a bully but jerk might be fair .
fattal 's brother told the newspaper his family is grateful for specter 's intervention .
she 's naturally funny , she can be impertinent and , um , quirky .
the device is capable of sterilising equipment in five minutes or less with air .
" only when i see the stake through his heart , " he said .
there 's a lot of trust and admiration that we have for the writers .
russian president dmitry medvedev said people tried to discourage him from launching anti-corruption plan .
but hicks said : " george became good friends with klinsmann a year ago .
zebrafish with the mutant gene slept 30 percent less than fish without the mutation .
the owls shot 32.1 percent from the field to 26.3 percent for the flyers .
sir -- when i was born there were 3 billion people on the planet .
sheriff 's office spokeswoman tammy amaon said bizzell wasn 't immediately available to comment .
impressed by her talk , the fa has just appointed her grassroots respect ambassador .
but tuesday , " it went seamlessly , " said county sheriff bill brown .
ultimately it enables us to help you meet your goals and compete more effectively .
spanish fishing company says ship attacked by pirates in indian ocean , contact lost .
tuesday , october 26 , 2010 3 : 30 -- 4 : 00 p.m.
but she added : " the sevenoaks people have to vote with their feet .
mr. obama is surrounded in the video by pacifist -- not security -- moms .
performance blue might be worth £ 395 , but ultimate green at £ 695 ?
editor 's note : following this story throughout the day for second-round coverage updates .
pinkham walked exhausted through his front door in oakton at 5 : 30 a.m.
mr. bell , 23 , was shot dead early on the morning of nov .
louis armstrong , lena horne and fidel castro all stayed at the hotel theresa .
i can 't add four to 23 and come up with anything but marmalade .
1 , 2004 , 63 provided legal advice in only one private equity transaction .
and then he might get some support by giving ideas to this or that .
the opposition democrats don 't have enough seats to form a viable alternative coalition .
so the message for lent is , do as you would be done by .
the over-the-counter medication price rollbacks represent about one-third of the retailer 's over-the-counter medicines .
that deal saw odinga become prime minister and kibaki keep his job as president .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 23.35 gmt on friday 26 february 2010 .
use the times map of southern california farmers markets to find your local market .
the fact that water vapour is a feedback is included in all climate models .
ingram reports that tenants are asking for reductions of 10 per cent or more .
rage , remorse and heartbreak course through carlos fuentes ' lament for modern mexico .
and the " techniques " were effective , just as they always have been .
colleagues recognized romans as " truly a leader among them , " duplessis said .
when you ask parents , they want their children to go to faith schools .
as airtime gets cheaper , the untethered masses tend to use their mobiles more .
we have unfortunately had to ask them to put their hand in their pocket .
each candidate has , on the long road to election day , slipped up .
but now she says " this recruit is ready to serve her country . "
mansour said cody helps customers by calming those who come in sad or angry .
during testimony , santos spoke without emotion in response to questions by a prosecutor .
the aversion lasted until her 20s , when she worked to overcome her fears .
it would not be a wise use of taxpayer dollars , " woodward said .
one landlord voiced concern about how much it would cost to implement the proposals .
in wilmington , two days ago , 59 homes went to the auction block .
and what 's with the 16 " xs " under the 1983-1984 edmonton oilers ?
nicholas d. kristof : why not regulate guns as seriously as toys ? 10 .
i 'm plus 2 , and i still have three more rounds to go .
atlantis plastics ceo bud philbrook told the associated press that the company was reeling .
flores is also part of the catching connection between the nationals and the mets .
" i want her to catch a break , " the first friend said .
also badly affected was the hotel and restaurant sector , which shrank 15.4 percent .
" my answer 's always been the same , " comer said last week .
art lucier : if this place wasn 't here they would die , simple .
berkshire 's largest previous acquisition was its 1998 takeover of the reinsurer general re .
" taking away the school place is not a punishment , " he said .
clinton also attended the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , in january .
but liberia has also been scurrying to spruce up for mr. bush 's arrival .
if they can 't provide this information , this could be a red flag .
if you don 't like how the government operates , do something about it .
the other would consist of high-risk mortgage bonds , mr dinallo told the hearing .
the reader daily edition will sell for $ 399 when it debuts in december .
a faraway look came into his eyes and he remembered a moment in ladakh .
obama 's campaign allowed supporters to organize themselves to go door-to-door and raise money .
it 's possible that some might not be able to bear the extra cost .
but the living allowance had been frozen at £ 2,000 a year since 2003 .
as a matter of fact , i believe that 's what we should do .
obama has dibs on sam harris 's " letter to a christian nation . "
for female macaques , anyway , it is better to give than to receive .
scotland 's colleges , the body representing legitimate institutions , has welcomed the recommendations .
part of the problem for williams at the outset was jankovic , of course .
the deal was struck with the airline 's russian-backed owner , the airbridge consortium .
the players were unharmed but canceled their test match and left pakistan within hours .
running through the book is a meditation on just how nukes became so vilified .
lifelong friend lillian yellow said mrs thompson was a pillar of the local community .
many would say music like yours could help dispel the negative image of islam ?
" but for me and samantha this year will only ever mean one thing .
the case was set to go trial in august , but it was delayed .
the beltran leyva and gulf cartels are among the top drug organizations in mexico .
celine dion is trying for a fresher , harder-edged sound on her new album .
his wife of more than 50 years , florence reynolds , died in 1993 .
she subsequently airbrushed pollock from her life and denied him access to her children .
the farc is deeply engaged in drug trafficking and extortion , colombian officials say .
if supporters could win games then we would have beaten chelsea 5-0 that day .
move cannot guarantee future results , levels of activity , performance or achievements .
" he was an amazing man who stood up for the people of ireland .
i think it 's had a massive impact in the game , of course .
a security guard was shot during a robbery at a bingo hall in coventry .
east cambridgeshire district council has also ended its contract with the catering provider eliance .
ms lawler from the brookfield stud said some horses were being sold for meat .
" now is a great time for brits to buy in south africa . "
however , he was worried mosley might not have the right frame of mind .
analysts were looking for the company 's previous forecast of $ 6.41 per share .
that is if you 're at & amp ; t , verizon or comcast .
he 's babysitting for his eight-year-old brother , nooh , and three-year-old-sister , aliyah .
project canvas is still awaiting approval from the bbc trust before it can go-ahead .
lamb with dumpings and sour cream had gone from 80 kroons to 5.11 euros .
the company was acquired by california-based sandisk corp. in 2006 for $ 1.6 billion .
alusi hired a lawyer and won the case , forcing lawmakers to back down .
the stage-savvy jones might be overcompensating in his performance in response to howard 's .
the plants grow on a single leg initially and branch out slightly higher up .
apple dictates terms as iphone price war looms between vodafone , o2 and orange .
he also claims that complacency was , in a way , to be expected .
we gave away some lousy goals and we have to get back on track .
even philadelphia 's star is rising , said travelocity senior editor genevieve shaw brown .
mr erdogan will brief her on talks with another former turkish foe , armenia .
the attorney also prepared documents for the homeowners association for our review and signing .
democrats in the house of representatives approved a health care bill over the weekend .
this year 's count identified 12,583 , up from 9,327 in the previous year .
ugandans fear the outbreak could mushroom into a major epidemic affecting the capital kampala .
in her 28 years of writing , marilynne robinson has been far from prolific .
not long after ms bruni entrusted him with her credit card and her secrets .
its agents and inspectors check to see that gun dealers obey laws governing sales .
he threatened harsh sanctions against iran if it did not forsake its nuclear ambitions .
tsa spokeswoman andrea mccauley did not confirm or deny the findings of the report .
but i have a contract through 2013 with milan and not with carlo ancelotti .
the entire group completed the climb -- the largest group to make the ascent .
he added the lure of helpful mates could be traced back to our ancestors .
bobby 's dream in the shower finally put the tin stetson on all that .
the british home office maintains that it does not comment on individual asylum applications .
last week i wrote about why paying with plastic can be a great idea .
regional commissioner abbas kandoro paid a visit to the mine earlier with armed guards .
that 's viewed as an encouraging sign that the labor market is improving gradually .
hertenstein thinks his research should just be taken as a general trend across populations .
ebadi was out of the country on a speaking tour when the protests erupted .
because the democratic party is divided and opposes the plans of a democratic president .
2008 january - un extends mandate of peacekeepers on ethiopia-eritrea border for six months .
early in the administration , u.s. officials took a hard line on north korea .
he said photos of the man identified by burns were available on the internet .
doors to his las vegas office have remained locked with curtains drawn behind them .
the european union gradually jettisoned a hodgepodge of bans and widened absinthe 's availability .
yor journalist is just repeating the rubbish written by previous journalists without checking facts .
the first torch was lit at segedunum roman fort in wallsend , north tyneside .
even well-publicized angst auctions aren 't proving to be big money-makers for the sellers .
the challenge is to get those names out who didn 't partake in it .
the men took part in a protest at raytheon 's offices in august 2006 .
prosecutors said they plan to ask that his bail be set at $ 220,000 .
" then we heard they couldn 't take over until october of this year .
the mayor said in his statement that he hopes the situation will be resolved .
hen harriers are seen by gamekeepers as enemies because they feed on game birds .
he says it will be a tough task for the blues against two-from-bottom dc .
the red sox opened a stretch of 13 of their next 16 at home .
bringing them up at the retrial would amount to double jeopardy , they said .
an advocacy group from the tamil diaspora said it would welcome questioning of fonseka .
i don 't actually care , because it isn 't about making fashionable stuff .
" the world just can 't use that many hamburgers , " he said .
there are still no jobs for them , and life will not get better .
" hopefully there will be more when the party starts , " she said .
the only remaining connection between the two sides was the town 's railway bridge .
judge berman said the soldier 's name was withheld at the prosecution 's request .
point guard chucky atkins , who has surgery for a sports hernia on jan .
chamber of commerce chief executive george cowcher said the consequences could be be huge .
" you 're not going to beat anybody scoring 12 points in a half .
deflation causes wages to rise in real terms , if not in nominal terms .
she alleged the government refused women military honors on the basis of sex discrimination .
should we be surprised that two such sophisticated , arty types confessed to churchgoing ?
the route would also tackle congestion and protect the environment , the mps said .
while at nato , mr. cleveland also pressed for a halt to nuclear proliferation .
a : right now i think you 'd have to say anything is possible .
to cement their position , banks have been grabbing highly rated staff like fickling .
scotland already has a much cooler relationship with the private sector than england does .
the driver was taken to frenchay hospital by the avon and somerset police helicopter .
he leaves the region with what looks like little to show for his efforts .
the letter questioned whether the black lawmakers had abandoned their commitment to social justice .
some believe the former navy pilot would show a bias against the air force .
from your point of view , what 's happening behind the scenes is irrelevant .
prison policy for the past two decades has been subject to a ratchet effect .
" hey , it 's tiger , " a man says in the recording .
howard officials said they are going to take a closer look at the practice .
mgmt indicate that aps help is neither in the interests of shareholders nor customers .
granjas carroll is a 50-50 joint venture between smithfield and agroindustrias unidas de mexico .
" spending to beat the recession must be smart spending , " barroso said .
normally , a dna match or other forensic evidence like dental records is required .
when they play in new york , it 'll essentially be a playoff game .
now , though , tennis was making it clear that her time was up .
the au has maintained more than 5,000 troops in the war-torn country since 2007 .
refinancing a mortgage : dear michelle , i recently attempted to refinance my mortgage .
" i couldn 't defend myself against two chain saws , " he said .
on betting exchanges there is no bookie , instead punters bet against each other .
be that as it may , the market appears to want to go higher .
but lenders and investors alike are under political pressure to come up with answers .
but that might still not persuade it to abandon the pursuit of nuclear weapons .
answer : this situation is not a good advertisement for " standard " methods .
the consumer-friendly fox 50 fell 24.10 points , or 2.51 % , to 935.91 .
despite the subsequent ending of the emergency decree , some curbs on protests remain .
clearly a victory in such circumstances would not confer any legitimacy on mr bashir .
do think any of the remaining no-win teams have a legitimate chance at 0-16 ?
it is not intended to replace the existing environment agency flood warning text service .
passengers complain of less personal space as they get poked by others ' elbows .
" i was alarmed at the answer that i got , " he said .
norad also says the launch was not a threat to north america or hawaii .
he now has 272 active loans , only a handful of which have defaulted .
no one seemed to relish being in court to argue such a macabre matter .
if you two decide to make the relationship public , don 't flaunt it .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.04 gmt on wednesday 12 january 2011 .
it also means tourists as well as locals may be safer than many believe .
officially it is an " exchange-rate adjustment " to make the country more competitive .
closing down sales at the stores are due to begin tomorrow , mcr said .
the opposition , however , insists it will not negotiate without african union mediation .
of these , about 10 molecules had levels that increased dramatically during cancer progression .
every uk bank should now demonstrate that its remuneration policy conforms to g20 principles .
mending ties with armenia is one of the conditions laid down for eu membership .
that reflected the continued troubles of automakers struggling with the lowest sales in decades .
instead , the conversation turned to laura nyro , leon russell and david ackles .
it has been three decades since cap last fired a gun--on nov .
a team of fbi agents has been sent to india to aid the investigations .
attempts to reach opposition or government spokesmen for further comment were not immediately successful .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.35 bst on sunday 18 october 2009 .
president obama hit 100 this week , but cartoonists didn 't exactly bat 1,000 .
" the analogy we would draw is payments by a campaign to a vendor .
he was carrying a white bag and using a mobile telephone , said police .
the bulls also pulled within one-half game of sixth-placed philadelphia in the eastern conference .
the nasty dose of medicine doled out to the patient is starting to work .
it 's the third legal challenge in the six-year history of the contentious project .
some street people have accepted help but many others prefer a more solitary lifestyle .
she trimmed all the rough edges while ian and i put them down . "
old photographs show him as a stylish , smiling fixture of the social scene .
the single mother hopes erzulie will provide money and help for her two daughters .
a " win " would be anything that significantly closes the gap in delegates .
at 5 feet 4 inches , i have a body mass index of 24.9 .
cliftonville will now play north belfast neighbours crusaders in the final on 9 may .
he was taken to derbyshire royal infirmary , where he died of his injuries .
the withdrawal applies to all sizes , varieties and production codes of the product .
however good a horsewoman i may be , i 'm also a glamour model .
seven militants were killed in that operation including an armed woman , it said .
i believe in this election we will not see " the bradley effect . "
often , this is passive and anonymous and there is no question of prosecution .
i go to the theatre to be with people , to sit with strangers .
economists have said that figure could double if the current strike lasts as long .
maybe listening to deep purple on his ipod ( pronounced eepod in russian ) .
in the centre of the card , mark a small dot with your pencil .
murphy had been charged under the tax consolidation act at 4 : 25am yesterday .
" we can 't swallow those big pills , " one of them whined .
pervez musharraf , pakistan president : i can assure you there will be harmony .
i don 't think we can be like socialist germany which is more egalitarian .
fiedler said it was too early to estimate the revenue the project might generate .
in my experience , a phone call to medicare produces reliable and courteous information .
military aircraft are called in to supplement state and local fire resources when needed .
heat is pouring into the ocean , and ice shelves are starting to melt .
many of the most valuable items on display belonged to her or her entourage .
philadelphia , april 9 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- aberdeen global income fund , inc .
whoever wins will inherit a labour majority in the seat of more than 10,000 .
abdullah also met separately with the vatican secretary of state , cardinal tarcisio bertone .
above are some of the reason why the economy is the way it is .
the lake was created by the earthquake that struck the region on 12 may .
that way , i have reasoned , i am spending money i actually have .
fifteen soldiers remain hospitalized , eight of them in intensive care , he said .
papoulias praised russia for its leadership in the energy sector , the report said .
few have succeeded so well in mingling with the famous without becoming famous himself .
a rose and a photo of him smiling was placed on his wooden casket .
they still do things the traditional way on the floor of the chicago exchange .
olson is 780-280 in 34 seasons overall and 589-187 in 24 years at arizona .
they just don 't know what they don 't know , " coburn said .
he might have added that the era of big companies was over , too .
with temperatures reaching 40c , the car clocked 130.6mph on the first timed run .
engines , transmissions and other essentials are also familiar items from the mini menu .
in february , si.com reported that matthews received a shipment of hgh in 2004 .
construction is expected to begin in 2009 and to be completed by early 2011 .
but iraqis on the street reacted with wild , angry , and understandable speculation .
the modifications made in the 1990s were needed to keep it up to code .
the people are still secretive , but they seem to have lost their purpose .
miami shot 4 for 17 , with five turnovers in the first 12 minutes .
click here to read the remaining 3 ways to better at the daily telegraph .
dr. ian smith explains to maggie rodriguez the surprising results of a new study .
more ability with the english language should perhaps also be had by their spokespeople .
the ceremony largely will mirror others involving heads of state , with some modifications .
in tanzania , the chimps are isolated in a very tiny patch of forest .
so it was a process of smooshing all that stuff into this fictional band .
victims ' families haven 't spoken publicly about preferences for the building 's future .
three men have been arrested in connection with the stabbing of have-a-go-hero sukhwinder singh .
this partly explains why , statistically , they appear to be doing rather better .
among government officials and antidoping authorities , mr. novitzky is heralded as a pioneer .
doubles : top eight of the year , playing in same format as singles .
" it really started to get out of hand when i was about 16 .
( another american exile , joseph losey , was making films under pseudonyms . )
tenders for the mobile identification at scene ( midas ) scheme are being sought .
everybody is busy nowadays , though i 've never been sure how busyness works .
it said the government was distributing assistance promptly and efficiently to the affected areas .
21 mark twain , died 1910 ( born samuel langhorne clemens , 1835 ) .
but india is adamant that kashmir remains " a bilateral issue " with pakistan .
oklahoma governor brad henry ordered national guard troops to help with rescue and recovery .
in some areas , prices surged as much as 25 percent , data showed .
romania , serbia and hungary have extracted commitments from lenders to maintain their exposure .
moneymaker 's claims to collect more than $ 18,000 in disability payments were numerous .
tit-for-tat exchanges with john lloyd , the erstwhile captain , have taken a toll .
residents have no idea when they might be able to return to their homes .
hydrocortisone butyrate 0.1 % lotion in the treatment of atopic dermatitis in pediatric subjects .
a dpj victory would end five decades of almost uninterrupted rule by the ldp .
" this is about preventing inappropriate and unlawful fossil collection which damages the coastline .
this is pretty much the case , sadly , for glioblastomas and pancreatic cancer .
a man and a woman were arrested but have been released pending further inquiries .
the c many bodies and pieces of debris as possible from the crash zone .
pavlis said the lawsuit brought public ridicule to the agency and damaged its reputation .
they gathered briefly outside the courtroom before heading into the warm , overcast day .
the report , he said , showed that this was a long way off .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 07.51 gmt on monday 30 november 2009 .
arizona cardinals _ signed keith lewis , s ; and bryant mcfadden , cb .
this is his first brush with scandal , the first tarnishing of his image .
despite some bumps , teddy 's been able to survive our stumbles and thrive .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.12 bst on tuesday 13 april 2010 .
this word has appeared in 17 new york times articles in the past year .
" i can 't even swallow my own saliva , " he told me .
the williams sisters aren 't known to closely follow the dolphins or the nfl .
the street is where the money is and money buys campaign commercials on television .
harrison ( good counsel ) scored 13 of her points in the first half .
statins have already been shown to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke .
obama has to be applauded for his resilience and fortitude regarding the afghanistan war .
literary letters , though -- those are the ones we 're going to miss .
" the general concept in the plan is one that should be explored somewhere .
at his annual leadership conference this summer , hybels interviewed former president jimmy carter .
what planet are these people on ? -- his wife to give the interview .
in an age of change , gerrard 's devotion to one cause is remarkable .
does your answer change when i tell you he is 15 , not 5 ?
the problem is that mr. giuliani is unlikely to be the only moderate running .
the frenchman also failed to impress in inter 's friendly against monaco last week .
are you candid about the pain to come or will that sound too scary ?
the plan would not be an immediate fix to the current crisis , however .
" we 're glad we can help them , " said one audience member .
it was unclear whether any ransom was paid or when the ship was released .
additionally , the album will be for sale via pearl jam 's ten club .
the fsa employs about 3,000 staff and its chairman is lord turner of ecchinswell .
stallworth had a blood-alcohol level of .126 , above florida 's .08 legal limit .
curry asked marini whether josh 's story about an impromptu camping trip is credible .
same difference became popular with viewers thanks to their cheerful performances and cheesy costumes .
last week , toyota recalled the same eight models , involving 2.3 million vehicles .
the conservancy bought seven permits and four trawlers , two of which were demolished .
canning was supplemented by other new industrial processes such as freezing and refrigerating meat .
it said the helicopter had landed and taken off again in a training drill .
a group of men and women scattered along the sand were picking up trash .
" i 've told him the pitches aren 't all as flat as this .
we don 't need foreigners , " state tv quoted najjar as saying saturday .
the scotsman steps run between market street and north bridge in the city centre .
any idiot knew that wasn 't enough , but it was all i had .
livni had submitted coalition proposals to the pensioner 's party and the meretz party .
in 48 games , malkin has a team-high 26 goals , and 56 points .
in 2006 , colbert out-polled every other name in a bridge-naming contest in hungary .
" wake up with al " will air from 6 a.m. to 7 a.m.
worse , he could disrupt the day-to-day business of our military stationed in panama .
nowitzki said he 's hoping to be out for only one or two weeks .
the peninsula is divided by one of the world 's most heavily fortified borders .
local sources say the ankara government is deliberately reducing traffic because of opposition pressure .
" thankfully the judge gave her a check mate by taking her kids away .
he has held 116 speed or distance records on land , air and water .
the truly astonishing thing is the way fletcher cared so deeply about the media .
the ltte accuses the government of intentionally shelling civilians , which the military denies .
her eyes are a bit glassy and her long , pale limbs keep shivering .
westcliffe , a town of about 460 , is 110 miles south of denver .
the attorneys filed the 239-page motion for dismissal in los angeles superior court tuesday .
originally an american decision , the united states has increasingly tried to reverse it .
he played just one game for fiorentina , joining sampdoria on loan in january .
none had flu symptoms , mexican diplomats said , according to ap news agency .
it was recovered by firefighters who had to be lowered into the forested area .
the carlyle in new york was somewhere grand that i used to go to .
" we 're certainly confident we can win this series , " he said .
the center stack 's audio and climate controls are easy to reach and operate .
the owners , exercising what they maintained was their right , immediately fired him .
u.s. stock index futures were lower , suggesting wall street would pull back friday .
it says hm revenue & customs says this is not normally a business expense .
for instance : let 's tally the square footage men occupy on museum walls .
young told the court that she is an unemployed widow who supports a 19-year-old .
i was born in malaysia but my family moved to scotland two years ago .
its last reality show premiere was " made in the usa " in 2005 .
the trouble with expectations : they often come with a side order of pressure .
i wouldn 't say it was easy but it was definitely not as tough .
watson steadied himself over the par putt , and thousands of fans braced themselves .
obama 's response sounded like a throwback to a happier time for the gop .
an interview where the respondee managed to get away without giving any specific answers !
in october the gothic-style mansion closed its doors to the public for three weeks .
ahmadinejad 's disputed re-election plunged iran into political turmoil and exposed deepening establishment divisions .
defensive linemen , usually by nature , hate quarterbacks , and that 's ok .
but schneider 's jumper with 6 : 15 remaining tied the score at 41-41 .
no more burnt hair in the sink and a new dawn , we thought .
the man was found lying in brougham street at about 0250 bst on sunday .
she is to appear on tuesday on daytime chat show " the view . "
cnn : he didn 't want you to go into music , did he ?
how totally embarrassing it is this woman was elected to an office in america .
the book is a compulsive read , however at points i found it overly-descriptive .
she added : " the hurdles yesterday ( friday ) were obviously very frustrating .
and the engineers mounted the steering rack more firmly , for improved steering feel .
los angeles - a federal judge says joe francis can roam a little farther .
i just can 't seem to generate as much fake outrage as others here .
unusually there was only a three-year gap before the next england tour to australia .
she was taken to the royal berkshire hospital in reading , where she died .
the jpmorgan loan is to be repaid by late september , the times said .
in late 2008 , aig intended to pay wintrob a $ 3-million retention payment .
china 's economy has boomed in recent years but the expansion has been uneven .
but the problem with identity politics is that not just any hispanic will do .
there were 13 penalties , seven on washington , through the first two periods .
several people yelled out criticism during his speech in charlottesville , fox news reported .
the answer is not that newspapers and others got their assessment of jackson wrong .
opinion polls show that kenyans view most of their politicians as unscrupulous and self-serving .
he was turned down by two organ transplant programs because he uses medical marijuana .
the shares have traded in a 52-week range of $ 14.40 to $ 45.26 .
rescue crews struggled to find the wreckage in the dense sam houston national forest .
there were conflicting reports over whether the man had killed three of his captors .
since then , however , biofuel clearings and other pressures have created new concerns .
some israeli diplomats believe his administration 's stance effectively pushed syria closer to iran .
" we are pleased to have come to these terms with the note holders .
" we don 't get the attention that friends should receive from each other .
while mr saakashvili has been in power , the opposition has been largely fragmented .
the newly elected chairman is from new zealand , and twomey is from australia .
if you aren 't producing anything , why would you expect to get paid ?
transportation was disrupted , with roads blocked by fallen trees , the local reported .
it has long been serving as a mouthpiece of pelosi on health care reform .
you have to wonder how that 's going to sit with the lapd brass .
even then , he saw himself as an x 's and o 's savant .
it was impossible not to notice and to settle in for a long stare .
ukraine provided the first example by agreeing to give up its highly enriched uranium .
another poll showed a majority of voters liked the scandal-tarred spitzer more than paterson .
the opening class of inductees in 1998-99 was a long list of 18 toys .
police have discovered the bodies of 10 people and skull of an 11th victim .
commuters experienced delays on roads in oxfordshire after snow fell during the rush hour .
it is tipped to stand at about 2.7 per cent in today 's figures .
the only stroppy person i have come across to date has been another cyclist .
fair : is where most people live and this is where most people breathe .
that is pretty amazing in the world we live in , " he said .
also expanding at the yard is duggal visual solutions , which sells photographic services .
" sometimes people portray you the way they want to , " added mayweather .
even lara 's tight vests and impractical short shorts can 't compete with that .
it 's not only in europe that cities are taking action on climate change .
vidic won virtually every aerial challenge as bolton peppered the visitors ' penalty area .
teachers do the most unpaid work , an average of 11.2 hours per week .
it wants passengers to pay 75 per cent of the cost of the railways .
the queen 's birthday honours list in nottinghamshire features one cbe and four obes .
that integration of work and friendship is at the crux of how he operates .
you 're not really paying for sex you 're paying for them to leave .
oh and maybe you should have all joint accounts and you stay the treasurer .
" i like new art exhibitions and bands coming in and the new vibrancy .
in plenty of ways , that 's just what it was for this rookie .
it prompted some mining companies to cut production forecasts and warn of job losses .
" regardless of where i am dining , if someone shouts ' waiter ! '
the task is decidedly harder because a lot of information has been thrown away .
just imagine what the renewable sector could have done with a subsidy like that .
but china says more tents are desperately needed to provide temporary shelter for families .
" kids nowadays live in a digital world and they only play video games .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.45 gmt on friday 6 november 2009 .
ukraine said it had expelled four russians and detained another on suspicion of espionage .
the punishment had been stalled twice last year by technical issues and court appeals .
in previous videos , harrach had worn a black robe that covered his face .
creighton pulled within 26-23 before young pulled up and calmly drilled a 25- footer .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.55 gmt on tuesday 2 february 2010 .
tomlinson , the nfl 's 2006 mvp , had hinted at the prospect jan .
on paper , it 's a great episode , but the execution was baaaad .
the proportion of loans going into shares is hotly debated ( see article ) .
egypt had to wait until the 81st minute before they could double their lead .
" and i shall be the premier heritage hog , " said the berkshire .
he said qaeda terrorists should not be treated the same way uniformed soldiers were .
add up everyone the cdc recommends get vaccinated , and 261 million americans qualify .
sinn fein has welcomed what it described as a u-turn by the health department .
( 1 ) synopsys ' first quarter ended on the saturday nearest january 31 .
he now has 76 points , three more than idle daniel alfredsson of ottawa .
warburg pincus has also pledged to backstop an additional $ 500 million rights offering .
why is it assumed i will vote based on my skin color or gender ?
1994 - referendum approves law making racial discrimination and denial of nazi holocaust illegal .
go for pre-dinner drinks to the trendy zara bar , full of young eritreans .
sergio marchionne made sweeping management changes when he took over chrysler earlier this month .
from us ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! thanks bill clinton .
before he was sentenced , shah , 44 , asked the judge for mercy .
" an over-population of elephants spells doom for other species , " he explained .
" i think this lions team is much better ( than in 2005 ) .
bill bavasi of the mariners said , " we 're not a player . "
deals with goldblum and burrows have yet to be signed , one person said .
obama , on the other hand , needs to lose the urkel-style dad jeans .
his successor , diane sawyer , is expected to start anchoring the following monday .
it 's swept in by petrov and bounces through everyone eight yards from goal .
it plans to keep trying to sell ads for streaming audio on the web .
biometric tests on the arrested suspects reveal them to be cases of mistaken identity .
the amount of carbon dioxide produced by the new engine is less than before .
south africa have never lost a test in which smith has made a hundred .
but most indonesians seem to expect the army to remain neutral during the elections .
more than four in 10 now expect to retire at 68 rather than 62 .
they said the currency report would not be issued until after the g-20 talks .
venezuela has denounced an alleged violation of its airspace by an american military aircraft .
if the condor survives the ensuing thrashing , it is released back to nature .
while anti-tibet protests in indonesia have not been large , security will be tight .
about 15 minutes later , paul lost control in the pont d 'alma tunnel .
i sure have played " easy tiger " ( lost highway ) a ton .
city officials say the building passed inspection before families were allowed to move there .
" we are dealing with a china without borders , " says mr marini .
in the united states , it wants a new inspection regimen backed by law .
they know god is the one who gave them the ability to help people .
in 1986 , the statue of liberty reached the 100th anniversary of its dedication .
" however , parents must take responsibility for the action of their young children .
smackb ! z revolutionized how business uses video with an end to end solution .
the following meal plan takes one large chicken and delivers a whopping three meals .
volumes are expected to be commensurate with historical volumes supplied to sunoco , inc .
that 's another reason we don 't know much about them -- their salaries .
gore used to bang on about the internet and his role in inventing it .
now the public is split , with 48 percent approving and 47 percent disapproving .
in comparison , cash genie offers a more typical " pay-day loan " service .
but late in his career , domingo is doing what he has always done .
he said it was also to improve the health protection response to future outbreaks .
from 2005 to 2006 , child-abuse cases increased 6 percent but neglect complaints decreased .
gorbachev : they [ east germany ] will be bought up whole . . .
go to google street view , put in pennington street , london , e1 .
the people i have listed were all members of wilson 's cabinet of 1974-1976 .
newcomer colin morgan , 22 , from northern ireland , takes the title role .
much of the land is now a park , marked with a historic plaque .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond gained 3 / 32 to yield 2.624 percent .
he was also known in hollywood for his violent mood swings and temperamental behavior .
people in brechin are taking steps to tackle the alcohol problems affecting their area .
the jockeying around sakhalin is also part of broader bartering for access to deposits .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.38 gmt on monday 1 march 2010 .
muse said about 60 people were wounded as mortar rounds slammed into residential areas .
the costs of the three proposed venues under review have not yet been revealed .
douglas has represented the island in the national competition for the last three years .
although she is only 36 , her rubbery skin envisages an age twice that .
also , i permit myself to drink wine because my father never touched it .
ice trust expects to make these enhanced risk protections available in the coming weeks .
australian police have been given tough new powers for the relay on april 24 .
an unknown sum of donations has been collected for the care of her children .
five of the prisoners were questioned monday by the investigating judge , bernard saint-vil .
i think there 're more possibilities in life than we have time to experience .
the court heard the officers were forced to use their batons and cs spray .
28 . the daily limit is 8 , and the possession limit is 16 .
brown , 19 , has also withdrawn from an appearance at a basketball match .
you then reach a footpath signed for bradfield and strines , up walkers clough .
bombardier hatton , of 40 regiment royal artillery , joined the army in 2004 .
+ law enforcement officials are seen near a postal sorting facility in washington jan .
the filmmaker , dorothy fadiman , would argue that that 's exactly the point .
but ibm is in legal trouble again , as it was in the 1970s .
" i see myself at some point becoming totally online , " she said .
the proof of the process will come in how many priorities can be delivered .
he had rehearsed freedom songs with them in his room at the lorraine motel .
there were more than 2m greys and only , at best , 160,000 reds .
for those choosing to stay at home , the weather looks mixed at best .
the democratic national committee appears to be having success in reining in renegade primaries .
the data highlight long-standing questions about the role of gun sellers in fueling crime .
these are the oldest , and then i have little ones that are 5 .
latest figures put the number of people out of work in scotland at 137,000 .
do people not want the option of being prescribed a medication that may help ?
the diamondbacks have not won on the road since beating houston 11-5 on aug .
" we export around 60,000 tons of cream each year to our continental counterparts .
the volt battery , which uses lithium ion technology , is complex and expensive .
police are appealing for witnesses to the collision on friday night to contact them .
" many wanted oil prices to keep rising forever , " the report said .
" carpoolers " cannot maintain the cool distance that its visual style implies .
a pedestrian was killed when she was hit by a lorry on a motorway .
" this is so counter-intuitive to everything golf is about , " he said .
" there wasn 't a lot here for him , " glenda rowe said .
and for months democrats insisted that mccain sought 100 years of war in iraq .
it will also feature " ambient soundscapes " from wild places across the region .
" they kept going and i thought in the main we kept liverpool quiet .
an epidemiologic investigation at the time failed to uncover the source of the outbreak .
those fans were soon subdued even further when spurs scored after half an hour .
germany and spain are seen as strong opponents of certain aspects of the plans .
then the man asked whether he could bring his wife up to first class .
jihad is becoming as american as apple pie and as british as afternoon tea .
khalid sheikh mohammed stands before a military judge thursday in guantanamo bay , cuba .
asda was the fastest-growing super-market chain , with sales growth of 9.5 per cent .
the white house had also threatened to veto the legislation over the electricity standard .
i see stuart2000 the false christian is on here appeasing the atheist christ-mockers again .
it said it offered new employees a " first rate " defined contributions scheme .
the original plans which included an ink painting and calligraphy museum , it said .
" that 's just too long in the world that we live in . "
the fares will be offered on the airline 's web site through april 22 .
a un-backed peace conference on resolving somalia 's crisis has opened in neighbouring djibouti .
it seemed very real -- the marine patients wore fake wounds around their bodies .
he escaped to south africa from where he made his way back to france .
the story of tiger woods confounds as easily as it thrills and disgusts us .
iranian officials said monday that the final contract would be signed in three weeks .
the footage and photos have been sent to guinness world records , he added .
casualties were expected after tropical cyclone nargis hit myanmar 's commercial capital saturday morning .
and she was like , " i don 't want to do it anymore .
rarely has such a combination of grit and skill coalesced on a golf course .
as a secretary at the finance ministry , she earned 2,000 quetzales a month .
three of the gunmen were killed , and two were arrested , he said .
police say there 's been less trouble since hard liquor was banned last year .
" you never know in this business , " bonnett said about the show .
he 's been linked in the tabs with such cultural icons as lindsay lohan .
these might include issuing eu bonds to produce cheap credit for countries that reformed .
analysts said that lord browne 's huge payoff reflected years of service to bp .
ali 's father is a cab driver in the united states , khan said .
manning 's eyes widened , and weeks of frustration dissolved into a giddy grin .
if all else fails , fuld left open the option of selling the company .
in any case , the lack of event didn 't seem to bother anyone .
despite months of intensive physical and occupational therapy , isaiah 's muscles have atrophied .
washington - there could be another bruce ivins lurking somewhere in a biodefense laboratory .
another 138 flights have been canceled at britain 's second-busiest terminal of london gatwick .
a poll in may before campaigning began showed abdullah with just 7 percent support .
they can each petition the s.e.c. for reinstatement after two to three years .
the biggest contrast was between the technophile mc hammer and the sceptical john salley .
he 's never met his father , and connected with the president 's comments .
as william congreve wrote : " to go naked is the best disguise . "
a total of 40 % of the schools inspected were marked down as satisfactory .
" i will need to call the ambassador , " mr buckley said diplomatically .
the restaurant is above a fish shack-cum-convenience store and is not open for lunch .
given the scorekeeping at central banks , it was an exercise in forensic accounting .
celebrity enthusiasm for " chemical-free " products and lifestyles also come under the microscope .
he says the late mp david taylor was diligent and will be sadly missed .
kyle davies ( 3-2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in four innings .
investigator say jacob white , 27 , was inside the home when deputies arrived .
the woman managed to shove the man away , but he took some notes .
necessarily , these patriots have said some tough things about american leaders and policies .
since the explosion , outsiders have tuned in to the news from her hometown .
congress has naturally aged as americans in general have come to lead longer lives .
whoever takes charge will inherit what will still be the world 's top-ranked team .
lanarkshire faces competition from singapore and daegu in south korea to host the event .
" i 'm in a different situation to anything i 've been in before .
the u.s. federal aviation administration declined comment and referred all questions to the ntsb .
brian leonard worked in the head office of lehmans when the bank went under .
chamakh , though , is no longer confident a move to arsenal will materialise .
more than four in 10 reported having no retirement plan or paid sick leave .
an ice bucket for the pinot gris we brought was offered without our asking .
worth , texas , a sales and marketing company that specializes in store brands .
the tremor was followed by a series of strong aftershocks , further rattling residents .
on friday , the dow rose 102.43 , or 1.17 percent , to 8,829.04 .
david deitch is the senior vice president and chief clinical officer of phoenix house .
a teenage nationalist gunman is on trial for murder along with his alleged accomplices .
he said progress in the peace talks will undercut support for hamas in gaza .
haiti 's presidential palace in port-au-prince stands in ruin after tuesday evening 's earthquake .
the second eruption has sent ash to far greater altitudes than the previous event .
and also , for those who take their history seriously , a little mystifying .
he added that mi5 believed saddam hussein 's own intelligence apparatus could be neutralised .
professor frijters concluded that money had a greater effect on happiness than previously thought .
indeed , i have reverted to my former pattern of security in recent months .
with them were families with small children , groups of friends and solo enthusiasts .
and i was doing a lot of things that hurt a lot of people .
do you think william walker had something to do with his mom 's death ?
his name , bip , came loosely from dickens 's " great expectations . "
a spokesman said the visit to turkey was in a " private capacity . "
they were sent for broadcast on the country 's now-defunct channel 4 in 1967 .
but the couple soon found out the next day when they tried to cancel .
johnson eventually walked off the field without aid but c.c. brown replaced him .
the russian couple lead with 95.58 points after getting 57.24 for their playful waltz .
gordon was appointed mbe in 1971 , which was advanced to cbe in 1989 .
the u.n. development programme ranks mali near the bottom of its human development index .
earlier in the day , asian stock markets had put in a mixed performance .
mr el-dursi denied that any deal had been struck to secure al-megrahi 's release .
daley , 62 , has spent decades quietly but successfully maneuvering the political landscape .
maybe it 's more fun , that is , because it 's more fake .
the process took considerable investigation -- the answer was not always easy or obvious .
i look to the future and see the barrack obama presidential library being empty .
but mr. bastelica is quick to crush any comparisons with france 's flashier resorts .
the tour has the backing of the 250 bands and the damilola taylor trust .
dr andrew spencer , dr martin samuels and dr david southall deny all charges .
all we can say with confidence is that the stakes could not be higher .
what a dam silly mess the who is making of this so called pandemic .
he could join the family seafood company business or pursue a career in racing .
in fact , for many people , it 's just about all they know .
mr brown 's use of the s-word appeared to be the first on record .
" there 's a whole kind of spirit of recycling , " petro said .
stoute 's second string should not be underestimated in the britannia handicap , either .
the flip side would be to boost mediaset by increasing its advertising revenue potential .
yes , i know discussions won 't change anything but it helps build consensus .
we did this last night ... call it mj 's best of part ii .
he was reported likely to spend the weekend in jail , pending arraignment monday .
the home side made hard work of their pursuit of an equaliser , nonetheless .
brohm was selected by green bay in the second round of the 2008 draft .
the committee is headed by an ex-chief justice of the supreme court of india .
this isn 't just a football game , it 's abraham crossing the euphrates .
" animals that are injured are a little bit nastier , " he says .
these panels will help offset the energy used in the construction of masdar city .
one colossal mistake : signing two gimpy pitchers in 2000 for $ 172 million .
times square in 1975 was not a place you wanted to bring your children .
but it is an avoidable disaster , if we take a few basic steps .
residents feel dingle is a valuable brand name in britain and the united states .
how could they settle a format war if people didn 't buy the products ?
clumps of methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteria , commonly referred to by the acronym mrsa .
i 'm financially independent , and it 's more convenient to be single . "
well , maria trägard , project manager at aftonbladet , sent me manpower data .
i am virtually certain that she would not have finished college without taking it .
a 23-year-old woman was killed when her car crashed into a tree on tyneside .
but the region unilaterally broke away five months after barre was ousted in 1991 .
" notice any difference between mine and yours ? " she asks him brightly .
for their part , bath were happier when moving the ball around by hand .
it has already seen a number of suitable candidates snapped up by other companies .
england travel to india ahead of the first test in ahmedabad on december 11 .
a police spokesperson said the incident took place at about 0300 bst on wednesday .
necessity is the mother of invention , but it 's important to be careful .
the english explorer col. percy harrison fawcett ( 1867-1925 ? ) combined these extremes .
but most presidents have gotten by with a token representative from the other party .
most foreign journalists are banned from burma and the military government censors all media .
i 've been in two room hovels , where a dozen people once lived .
the economy created 162,000 jobs in march , the labor department said last week .
he was a keen horseman and a former member of the swiss dressage team .
the united states has been putting pressure on israel now for over fifty years .
a 39-year-old woman and a 14-year-old girl were treated for shock and smoke inhalation .
they 've met six times in grand slam events , and nadal leads 4-2 .
the technology-laden nasdaq composite index dropped 53.51 , or 3.71 percent , to 1,387.72 .
the council has already agreed to make £ 13m worth of savings this year .
he returned to spain and then argentina , but he was in physical decline .
the site will have a live streaming of the record , with daily updates .
officers arrested a woman on sunday under suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
having a parking placard is like hitting the jackpot at everyone else 's expense .
the case was dismissed in 2001 but was reinstated in 2003 after an appeal .
that is almost identical to the panel 's worst case prediction for that year .
the 84-year-old senator is seeking re-election in november after 40 years in the senate .
police have said they donʼt believe kanterman deliberately left his grandson in the car .
she made her way to the united states in 1996 , bringing her children .
holding out the possibility of a distant new technology has served this industry well .
was ryan 's selection perceived anywhere as a rejection of what vick was about ?
they helped drive al qaeda out of former strongholds in anbar and around baghdad .
investors drove fannie and freddie shares to 17-year lows before the stocks recovered somewhat .
spend the last minute expanding your awareness from your breath to your entire body .
there had initially been fears that horses were inside but all were accounted for .
jessie , who was found on thursday afternoon , had been strangled to death .
since then , it has tested several missiles with a range of 1,240 miles .
at mid-morning raiffeisen international 's shares traded 8.8 per cent lower at € 36.25 .
mediterranean blue jugs start at £ 26 ( 0870 129 5026 , divertimenti.co.uk ) .
teachers are warned not to befriend students on social networking sites such as facebook .
it allows you to anonymously have a completely frank and unbiased conversation with someone .
in the nfl , w 's are everything ; margin of victory is meaningless .
a solara , two camrys and a couple tundra pickups round out the family .
hundreds more , including many militants and civilians , have also died in 2008 .
" in the cv she said she was at oxford from 1988 to 1990 .
capacitive screens such as those used in smartphones work like buxton 's digital drum .
for 10 years , hannah clark was known as the girl with two hearts .
the year 2007 is turning out to be an especially deadly year for police .
a final decision by the full ioc will be made october 9 at copenhagen .
michael dawson came back for his first game , he 's a bit stiff .
he was arrested and moved to another carriage by officers who were on board .
this will ensure that the nhs does not suffer from " market failure . "
about 200,000 people are waiting for a council house or a housing association home .
he was also accused of stealing liquor from a florida county sheriff 's office .
band members say they hope particularly to raise awareness among young people through music .
like all mono-floral honey , it has qualities unique to its source of nectar .
the group 's seasonally adjusted index of refinancing applications decreased 3.8 percent to 1,950.4 .
so why shouldn 't i be reminded there are no free rides in life ?
arnold 's chair was presented to the buddhist society by his son in 1932 .
the study found no significant gap in services for those who paid lower commissions .
the protesters hurled insults at egyptian president hosni mubarak , calling him a coward .
two other aid centers run by the group in the country were also damaged .
errol morris : do you think some people are better than others at discriminating ?
b. j. upton stole second base on catcher josé molina in the seventh inning .
after that , a sloppy quotation mark in a nafta pamphlet sounded pretty petty .
the signing surprised some because he was not really a first-team regular at chelsea .
in some cases , this is a deliberate rejection of the tradition of honorifics .
this would significantly change the political balance of power that is beginning to emerge .
leave a limited force , size not specified , to protect vital u.s. interests .
well , except washington state , their only win in the last seven games .
" playing dead until peterson left , neitzel survived , " van hollen said .
the couple had been sitting on a bench in richmond hill , west london .
a 1960s spy thriller provides deep background on one of europe 's coolest cities .
this new road map hopefully -- thankfully -- puts an end to fattening résumés .
the other thing i do is i have to relax somewhat the undervalued standards .
nigel is not the only high-profile food writer to celebrate potato cakes of late .
members of jund ansar allah surround sheikh abu al-nour al-maqdessi in rafah on friday .
the years of fear-based or moral-imperative voting have given way to financial relief-based voting .
drew neitzel had 17 points for michigan state , while raymar morgan added 15 .
i prefer a situation that is constantly " in a state of flux . "
earlier this month , shoppers in belfast city centre were leafleted by striking workers .
savages ! " as the basiji militiamen pushed the protesters out of a courtyard .
" if i stay angry , it 's going to be hard for me .
one of his friends praised the americans but lashed out at the iraqi government .
bouma 's injury brought england midfielder gareth barry onto the field as a substitute .
here they will be strong like they were last year , " he said .
ari _ hayes 30 interception return ( rackers kick ) , 3 : 09 .
harder is general manager of health and science at u.s. news & world report .
for now , they must be separated and h sees his son by arrangement .
georgia 's team offered to withdraw over the conflict with russia in south ossetia .
workers say the bill would level the playing field after decades of labor decline .
soon they 'll be voicing their support for the re introduction of fox hunting .
that 's why the future of ivf isn 't really about treating infertility anymore .
could it be that this embattled public figure is actually a bold-faced truth teller ?
and graduates soon lose their newly won literacy because they have nothing to read .
but i had to bounce back in order to do well the next week .
derrick rose led the bulls with 23 points , eight rebounds and seven assists .
he said he was physically well but was less sure about his emotional state .
" god has definitely blessed us , " the couple said in a statement .
and he wanted to graze , to try this idea of doing dramatic music .
the reorganization plan was expected to be filed in federal bankruptcy court in delaware .
li said he wasn 't sure if he would be able to continue working .
let me know what you thought of the episode in the comments section below .
plus , the teen years are notoriously impulsive , short-sighted and just gosh-darn illogical .
the customer is also looking to use activemine to support a sediment management system .
oh , and don 't forget that news curation is going real-time , too .
left alone in front of the net , recchi tapped in his own rebound .
it was at our home-stay that i got my biggest fright of the trip .
tanglewood , in lenox , mass . , is the orchestra 's summer home .
perhaps no one will be more interested in the results than the drug cartels .
but the detention marks a further downfall for a landmark figure in taiwanese politics .
however , " acquisitions in principle remain on our agenda , " reithofer said .
it would have been so embarrassing to hear nato excuses for not attacking russia .
they were created by that monstrous experiment : the multi-cultural destruction of old britain .
organizers say the price is still a bargain compared to many other music festivals .
group revenues of £ 11.55bn 1 % higher than db ( £ 11.44bn ) .
among single names the session was mixed , with banks the worst performing sector .
at least give the woman and her kids a fighting chance to be together .
nearly 380,000 people have sought shelter in schools , churches and other evacuation centers .
she said she ended up in a raft that was under the right engine .
new zealand reported that 11 people who recently returned from mexico contracted the virus .
to anyone who pays attention to population trends , however , it is absurd .
one day we will look back and admit that we are better for it .
" the whole infrastructure takes you one level up in your quality of living .
a cordon had been placed around a farm at corwen in denbighshire in may .
immigration and customs enforcement declined to comment wednesday , as did an fbi spokesman .
reported secondhand smoke exposure in the home declined from 21 percent to 10 percent .
ford is one of seven astronauts who will fly on discovery 's sts-128 mission .
the dow jones industrial average fell 47.71 , or 0.36 percent , to 13,292.14 .
martinez has expressed concern about whether a restaurant will be willing to hire her .
after downloading app world , it takes about three minutes to install worldmate live .
in 1995 , bill clinton tried to blame the oklahoma city bombing on rush .
this election is a referendum on the obama policies and pledges obama has proposed .
the difference is that adam 's show was bad - just wasn 't good .
it is likely to be a key issue as the presidential race winds down .
taxation has the great merit that it provides a clear floor price of carbon .
mr. wiesenfeld , however , thinks that statistics about yiddish speakers may be irrelevant .
they inch closer and closer in their wooden dhows until they are chased off .
the stock has traded in a 52-week range of $ 5.33 to $ 10.34 .
he sees international trade as his country 's way of fighting the financial crisis .
all writing advances some moral position , makes an ethical judgement of some kind .
their 17-9 record since the all-star break is the best in the national league .
when you put them under pressure they are not good enough to hold out .
people love it or they hate it , but they don 't ignore it .
he condemned the flogging and called for those who were involved to be punished .
new flagship schools for biotech research in republican-dominated long island and western new york ?
the campaigners released graphic photographs of bodies and the names of five alleged victims .
he wrote to make us squirm and to poke us with a sharp stick .
rivera has pitched two innings in consecutive outings for the first time since aug .
the couple were rescued and brought back to shore by a small fishing boat .
the principal shareholders of sibir are mr chalva tchigirinsky and the city of moscow .
citigroup inc said it is " continuing to monitor events " involving consumer arbitrations .
what have been some of your favorite challenges over the span of the show ?
his firm expects to hire washington area residents to run open houses before auction .
phil holland , 30 , recommended patrolling the perimeter for maximum effect and self-preservation .
the house bill , for example , offers substantially better protection from out-of-pocket expenses .
it did not provide any further details or the identities of the slain taliban .
" the mary knox centre serves a massive area , " said mr tucker .
the rookie injured the index finger on his left hand saturday . . . .
the silver acts like the steel rebars running through the concrete , providing flexibility .
dental benefits vary by state and often by year , based on budgetary decisions .
curbishley and steve coppell offer the prospect of a cool head in choppy seas .
but as a black man he was excluded from the american army air corps .
israelis are going to have to take some difficult steps , " he said .
he shot himself in his hospital ward , the times of london online reported .
" however , they pose a serious threat to safety if not properly maintained .
admittedly , sen. obama has more political experience than marv , but not much .
but some education advocates question whether the assessments are a good use of time .
declines in many overseas markets have been greater than those in the united states .
the programme will eventually be available to all girls as they enter their teens .
yes , and across the hall a lactation consultant is on call all night .
the political satire in the loop has swept the board at the scottish baftas .
the company said it would be offering staff alternative employment at other ineos sites .
" why should mps not be in the same position as everyone else ? "
( in some previous ads , there were no women , only products . )
some people say there were 1,000 people there but it never looked that many .
" nobody is ruled out by going public at all , " insisted smith .
nor is any counsel alleged to have acted with scienter or intent to mislead .
1100 : hola y buenos dias to the only words of spanish i know .
six other nigerian men were also detained on suspected immigration offences pending further inquiries .
we also live at a time when technology can truly help our fitness aspirations .
" it is as if you are cooking a frog , " he explains .
a rise in us interest rates would make the dollar more attractive to investors .
villepin , accused of complicity in slander and forgery , is its star defendant .
and in this desperately water-scarce country , the urban infrastructure does little to conserve .
rihanna 's single take a bow has remained at number one in the chart .
after he left congress , foley checked himself into a rehabilitation clinic for alcoholism .
there 's a new queen of pop , and her name is susan boyle .
as he made his way to leave he picked up a case of lager .
the cash-strapped service is seeking new ways to generate revenue and increase mail volume .
they wondered how people would respond : was it the end of her campaign ?
what 's a little less certain is whether those stories will actually be true .
if vasquez can 't go , brandyn dombrowski will get his first nfl start .
her scent links him to everything he craves : food , warmth , touch .
she said spector was assigned to the sensitive needs facility rather than general population .
if you 're the president -- you can do what you want , right ?
how palin and he handle the rest of the election will decide the outcome .
kevin durant led oklahoma city with 24 points , seven rebounds and six assists .
he says he is in love with me and wants us to get married .
imagine the peril of home-based businesses that casually toss cfls in the household trash .
separately , housebuilder persimmon said it expects prices to be largely unchanged this year .
the dolphins may have headed toward the bay for two reasons , he said .
kate mccann could not say whether an eu alert would have helped find madeleine .
the road between hillberry and creg-ny-baa will reopen to motorists later in the day .
dow jones industrial average futures were down 8 , or 0.05 , at 12,602 .
the conflict has taken an enormous toll on the nation 's families and communities .
while the judges recognise this , david miliband has chosen to ignore it . "
looking for something to brighten up your garden , but bored with garden gnomes ?
these are the voices of those who sit in mr brown 's own government .
but over the years he has squandered his talents and sung with dismaying insecurity .
the club currently has 22 football teams for boys and girls aged over six .
the reason it has done so is because of the money in the game .
thousands more don 't know they have the virus , according to the agency .
unemployed in august , vicente padilla kept the los angeles dodgers going in october .
the posners owned twelve homes around the world-one for each year of their marriage .
clutterbuck swooped in on hedberg from the right wing , picking the short side .
the worst offender is georgia , where 95 % of all software is unlicensed .
khalaf added that sectarian sedition in iraq has virtually ended , kuna reported friday .
main opposition leader helen zille on tuesday sought a judicial review of the decision .
when i was a club manager , i said the same things as them .
terry also had a nifty behind-the-back feed to brandon bass for a powerful dunk .
econew handles all the collection and evaluation details and issues the gift cards directly .
hamdan had won 40 of his previous 45 fights , including 18 by knockout .
the current attitude to alcohol in france was " neo-prohibitionist , " he added .
shortlines typically have less onerous union agreements than the largest , class i operators .
" we keep on talking about talks rather than talking " said mr miliband .
after hitting little rock , the storm moved into the city 's northeastern suburbs .
the people going door-to-door may have a bag and a handheld or notebook computer .
vonn only needed a top 15 finish to take the overall world cup prize .
banks are also reluctant to lend to smaller institutions , particularly beyond three months .
fatigue , he said , probably gave the captain more confidence than was justified .
but when will this man learn to count to 10 and let it go ?
according to the register , police are still looking for the inevitably bruised bandit .
lahood said he firmly opposes raising the federal gasoline tax in the current recession .
that includes armored personnel carriers , reconnaissance vehicles , and a giant mobile cannon .
you tear up those borrowing targets and spend your way out of the slump .
one of the biggest , she says , is harboring someone else 's secret .
lord adonis said difficulties with finance and slowing passenger growth had affected the programme .
robert parker , in a caveman wig , dances furiously as the hunter orion .
in july last year , a tu-154 crashed in iran , killing 168 people .
the liberal democrats , too , believe that ms sturgeon 's plan is unworkable .
it 's interesting to wonder which scenes are hewn from the author 's experience .
it will then visit stuttgart , moscow , and abu dhabi the year after .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.07 gmt on tuesday 29 december 2009 .
that 's not what the men who went to the moon had in mind .
but what about jazz as jazz , the music 's marrow and main stem ?
legg limits should not be retrospective -- even brown has a right to fairness .
u.s. graduate student james karl buck says he felt guilty about maree 's detention .
in his affidavit , palchak said he was able to chat with lombard online .
obama 's foreign policy is likely to make jimmy carter look like a warmonger .
it 's been said that an army is only as good as its leader .
his son , frank batten jr . , took over the company in 1998 .
down a mud path , dinho ndimante , 18 , walked home from school .
south africa have struck on a formula and would be mad to change it .
at the moment the agency still includes that implicit government support in its ratings .
but be sure to begin repaying the capital again as soon as you can .
" schools and local authorities should be congratulated for the work they have done .
the company reported 18.3 billion yuan in revenues in the same period of 2007 .
taking over duties as first minister temporarily is arlene foster , the guardian reported .
she added that she expects to see more of this technology in the future .
jonathan sheldon , muhammad 's current lawyer , describes his client as mentally ill .
future work might even look at creating gelled propellant that behaves like liquid fuel .
the man then ordered the two to walk into the bank of america branch .
freddy roach , pacquiao 's trainer , was upset by clottey 's negative display .
those events prompted a bout of introspection in israel that has rarely been equalled .
kershaw allowed two runs and five hits , striking out seven and walking one .
supporters contend that the offer is the best that can be achieved for now .
" my truck is ------- riddled , " exclaimed one soldier .
he alleged he was being taunted by other inmates while incarcerated , rehder said .
there 's a couple of great quotes from jessica about you , i say .
media outlets said it wasn 't clear whether the accident occurred friday or saturday .
his parents , pablo and maria , were migrant workers with elementary school educations .
clinton 's web site encourages people to write to the rules and bylaws committee .
mccain also faced criticism for opposing a national catastrophic insurance fund for hurricane-prone states .
disgraced german cyclist patrick sinkewitz in action during the tour de france in july .
as the grandmother 's daughter is dead , the money goes to her grandchildren .
" i 'm having an affair with rebecca , " my husband told me .
the scouts set up tents , communications facilities , and crude means of survival .
in that case , their recovery would depend on the automaker 's stock performance .
it might regrow but crabs ' new legs are often more like a stump .
usaid is a semiautonomous arm of the state department that manages american aide programs .
now , he 's forecasting just a 1.2 % drop in overall holiday sales .
they say no talks will be possible until all foreign troops have left afghanistan .
it is unclear how many bundlers might be missing from mr. mccain 's list .
two of the incidents took place this month , with warplanes shadowing transatlantic flights .
at the age of 22 jeffries was the only bald student at the academy .
" i 'm not worried if you 're not worried , " he said .
support for users , e.g. for data subjects to better exercise their rights .
many of the attacks have targeted the armed forces , police and security forces .
iowa _ myers 20 pass from christensen ( murray kick ) , : 06 .
tagged with croatia , emerging europe , latvia , macedonia , montenegro , serbia .
the accused will not spend time in jail until the appeals process is completed .
she told the tribunal that she felt she had been betrayed by senior management .
it was later established that a trader in hong kong had mis-marked his book .
stay in a three-star hotel located five minutes ' walk from the conservation park .
now the concept of the app store has spread like a virus among competitors .
the goal : spur americans to buy more , which would aid the economy .
" it has made him more determined to progress , " mrs hilder says .
" people are very friendly , " said doug revolta , a chelsea fan .
we donʼt believe that any correction is warranted , " the representative told usmagazine.com.
" i 'm not sure [ the apology ] will bring me complete closure .
there is a protocol between the uk and pakistan relating to child custody cases .
rock said dna tests later proved he was not the father of the child .
due process is something available to americans and not illegal visitors to this country .
i knew , as a journalist , that i had an invitation either way .
but it is a part of our history well worth introducing to our children .
hong kong 's hang seng index had dropped 3 percent by early afternoon wednesday .
jessica hardwick , its founder , noticed a rise in bartering in the spring .
or set up fixed habitats on other planets within the lifetime of my great-grandchildren .
what mr. kirkpatrick seems to be missing is a fundamental understanding of mid-east culture .
it also announced writedowns on its private equity investments in the troubled housebuilding sector .
reheat gently on top of the stove if you want to serve it hot .
that year , a mine explosion killed 358 people near monongah , west virginia .
gore shared the nobel peace prize in 2007 for his work on global warming .
yes , as western ambassadors say , the afghan president is paranoid and erratic .
circ £ 55,000 inc benefits. realhr consultancy & recruitment. dubai , uae .
he also served on the 9 / 11 commission that investigated the terrorist attacks .
her husband , joe wright , should ditch the roy orbison shades , though .
also saturday , russian vera zvonareva defeated italy 's tathiana garbin 6-4 , 6-1 .
the residents thought they recognized rahho 's body from his beard and contacted police .
" there is an increasingly postmodernist conception of family life , " he says .
and in the current market for luxury apartments , larger units command larger prices .
that is , he had a long-term place on the foreign affairs select committee .
their defenders , including 10 nobel laureates , say their case should be reviewed .
with a smart grid , all consumers would be able to do the same .
it caused a fire that raged through the apartment block and billowed thick smoke .
one thing we can surmise about camilla is that diana wanted to kill her .
a humberside police spokesman said the attack happened at about 0100 bst on sunday .
the court case was brought by the coalition against water privatisation ( cawp ) .
each can stand on its own , and each captures the sentiment of change .
throughout iraq , terrorists have often stepped up attacks during such periods of transition .
however , dr oliver believes that technology does have an important role in healthcare .
curacao , netherlands antilles , july 6 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- retail holdings n.v.
she has named jamie miles , a central office administrator , to replace benzion .
however , there is strong evidence that investors cannot consistently beat the market .
instead , they tap friends and relatives via facebook , instant messaging or e-mail .
mr. kyl suggested the commission would foist huge tax increases on an unsuspecting congress .
pham said he was comfortable with the volunteers who teach christian principles at vance .
that they wouldn 't be in the playoffs without him is beside the point .
poland and russia engaged in tit-for-tat expulsions of diplomats accused of spying in 2000 .
am i missing something or what is this big success due to the surge ?
tea shops are one of the surest barometers of people 's sense of security .
the turning point was her performance as st joan at the national in 2007 .
the girlʼs mother drove from boston to meet with police , the globe said .
epstein said that it was unusual for her daughter not to check in regularly .
dr odent said : " the ideal birth environment involves no men in general .
dozens of honest and qualified afghans refused offers of government jobs , he said .
they fed the birds natural feed ingredients , specifically a compound called caprylic acid .
day 's broken arm was re-broken during torture so he would never fly again .
prime minister patxi lopez will head a new coalition government of socialists and conservatives .
many longtime iphone users view verizon 's network as the pinnacle of cellular service .
sarah : revenge would be sweet but i 'm not that kind of person .
he 'd sit me on top and say , " don 't move . "
monday as officials from the united national party gathered to open a new office .
" mr salmond has not even got to first base , " she said .
tibetans and uighur muslims have been subjected to arrests and " re-education " campaigns .
lawyers in cuomo 's office said ongoing investigations could lead to additional legal action .
pressures from rising pension costs , falling mail volumes and increased competition were blamed .
the hurricane is expected to make landfall somewhere on the gulf coast on tuesday .
this year , the city surpassed 600,000 for the first time in two decades .
an independent inquiry is ongoing and the ipcc is also looking into the issue .
click here for more and to see pictures of the two at the sun .
more than 100 south korean manufacturers employ about 39,000 north koreans at the complex .
washington at seattle -- redskins : out : lb marcus washington ( ankle ) .
school officials fear public embarrassment as much as the perpetrators do , shakeshaft says .
a hearing to confirm the order is scheduled in new york for february 13 .
jurors listened to the recording with specialist infrared equipment a total of seven times .
the upper east side mother 's approach was unorthodox , to put it mildly .
there are alot of people proclaiming to be christians but never practice their faith .
in england , the worst witch craze took place during the english civil war .
in a nearby village two militants were arrested and two houses set on fire .
if you are doing business with china , you need to pay close attention .
the first opening in northwest moscow will be followed by another downtown on monday .
until thursday , federal investigators had been focusing on heparin manufactured by baxter international .
sales rose 16.5 percent last year , when about 184,000 american women used mifeprex .
the newry-warrenpoint dual carriageway and the old warrenpoint road are both closed to traffic .
it 's part of the hollywood-speak that also sees directors as " helmers . "
" we 're heading into recession and people are becoming much more price sensitive .
they responded accordingly and continued their path , " irna quoted najjar as saying .
linnaeus and buffon were the towering figures of the scientific world in their day .
in another , in dunfermline , severe damage was caused to a gas pipeline .
stanishev was appointed prime minister in august 2005 , the sofia news agency said .
last season he surpassed legendary lou gehrig to become the yankees career hits leader .
he is understated , with a tendency to talk in abstract business school jargon .
france has 1,900 troops in the country , mostly in the relatively peaceful north .
the answer , at last , is : yes , we are nearly there .
there are a number of good web sites out there to get you started .
he plans to save most of his auction earnings after paying a few bills .
sales increased at rank 's two biggest businesses , mecca bingo and grosvenor casinos .
( 1200 gmt ) on an urgent petition demanding publication of the election results .
it feel for everybody who lost a part of their family 2 years ago .
and it means that shifts in climate quite possibly drove the invention of clothes .
paying attention to a few car-buying pointers can alleviate a lot of that anxiety .
more than 150 witnesses are expected to be called to testify in the case .
the man was taken to altnagelvin hospital in londonderry , where he later died .
if he 'd had a nokia on him , it would have been flying .
orders put through established exchanges have become smaller amid the growth of algorithmic trading .
he called for a reformed system , with " fair and sustainable " funding .
an adjacent space features the work of ms. roi 's designing sister sarah luna .
a home office minister has pleaded guilty to using a mobile phone while driving .
and my aim today is to outline the modern conservative approach to this task .
sunday 's fuel spill was on a smaller scale than some previous fuel spills .
i was a milk drinker , up to 1 / 2 gal a day .
but police did not believe they were in the room when the shootings occurred .
eight shuttle flights remain , including this one , before nasa retires the fleet .
the chronology states company officials didn 't see results until a few weeks ago .
basically , the oft and the structure of uk consumer protection will be torched .
sanctions that are way to late to have any effect on iran at all ?
a weaker british pound has also boosted overseas enquiries at an already busy time .
from then on , " he avoided the art world like a plague . "
the mccain campaign has been reticent about backing anything that smacks of partial nationalization .
following his conversion , newman 's anglican friends deserted him , mr jennings said .
yet-to-be-developed devices will have free access to the empty airwaves between broadcast tv channels .
did you ever , in your wildest imagination , think of such a thing ?
notes : howard extended his postseason streak of reaching base to 16 games . ...
the documents were filed in connection with criminal charges brought against six other students .
18 ) : important opportunities open up today , especially in education or career .
gyip has has asked anyone with information about the break-in to contact strathclyde police .
bitter cold temperatures reached minus-26 degrees celsius saturday on the sun-splashed lake louise slope .
why return to songs he hasn 't played to large audiences in 20 years ?
subs : fulop ( g ) , healy , meyler , reid , malbranque .
( cnet ) -- smartphones aren 't just smart , they 're personal computers .
it becomes increasingly hard to defend all these protectionist policies , " said baumohl .
it is not clear , however , whether the agency will meet its goal .
sources tell me that o 'donnell has been kicking this idea around since 2002 .
the synod is elected every five years by a system of single transferable vote .
the move now needs to be voted on by the full assembly on thursday .
but the economy does not need every bank to survive ; it needs most .
the pilot was trying to land on the beach when the craft struck jones .
we recently added a marine corps special operations command to this arsenal as well .
it appears that the gap between london and the rest of britain is rising .
the european central bank has said it expects inflation to return to growth soon .
" we have to play the best in the world to learn the intensity .
the more familiar is the confrontation with the west over tehran 's nuclear ambitions .
the purpose of these displays is to guide consumers in lowering their energy consumption .
they sought answers about the source of the problems and lockheed martin 's work .
for maia , certainly at present , the sword appears mightier than the pen .
u.s. forces have been engaged in fierce fighting to oust the taliban in afghanistan .
nova 's " hunting the hidden dimension " tries to make modern mathematics comprehensible .
but this is as much as political maneuver as it is a legal one .
" the amount of enthusiasm about this is really heartwarming , " he said .
there has been a lot of shelling nearby and many people have been injured .
i live in australia where we have a subsidised plus a private health scheme .
pineiro ( 0-1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six-plus innings .
firefighters are tackling a " huge " fire at a derelict building in southampton .
this would see customers ' personal data shared between the government and energy suppliers .
the teams traded goals in the first 10 minutes of an entertaining first half .
walsh also found that prisoners should be allowed more communal recreation and prayer time .
countries including italy , latvia and sweden have already placed controls on the substance .
a study of whether diaphragms might inhibit hiv found that they were also ineffective .
his absolute arrogance and ignorance combined with a deadlocked congress caused us to turnoff .
environmental groups hope kansas will influence more states to reject new coal-fired power plants .
he wants to be thought of as moderate who would reach across party lines .
job growth by region was stable , with minimal variation from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year .
another reason diana may continue to intrigue is the unfolding lives of her sons .
under thatcher , miners and trades unionists were mercilessly " tamed , " too .
basra operation - discover where fighting erupted between iraqi forces and the mehdi militia .
the county 's housing market is expected to plummet further , county officials said .
new york ( ap ) - it began as an age of economic wonders .
panama and the british virgin islands also dismissed cases filed by lisa , s.a.
govortsova last reached a finals in a 2009 loss to francesca schiavone in moscow .
lowe said donations will help short-term relief efforts as well as long-term reconstruction projects .
but that part of the story doesn 't get told , " says zuckschwerdt .
but that raises the question : are cougars really what women want to be ?
if you 're doing fine art photography , you can do what you want .
eu monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said he broadly agreed with the imf analysis .
" you wouldn 't want to mandate a spending rate , " he said .
30 , leaving some employees with 36 furlough days during the current budget year .
but it is perhaps the most iconic of american sweet treats : chocolate chip .
and cairo residents will have to re-engage with the realities of their daily lives .
and my partner had been given the direct line of several bt top brass .
" people move out of the way for us , " mr. stein said .
but in following years , the penalties in the reconciliation bill are slightly different .
what are the new rules in the senate 's version of the healthcare bill ?
" like others , he overestimated financial markets ' ability to regulate themselves . "
children were murdered , " he said this week , choosing his words carefully .
because that will make us the largest market in the world for high-speed internet .
shipp closed out the scoring by making two free throws with five seconds left .
in corby , officers arrested another two indian men , aged 22 and 28 .
you do know that most of the vitamin companies are owned by big pharma ?
the new manager , joe girardi , hasn 't seemed to have helped matters .
at 3am , i find antony gormley 's cautionary words ringing in my ears .
" the story i was following was one by hicham el guerrouj in athens .
they 're quiet , then loud , then maybe quiet again , then loud .
but are any of them anywhere near the reality of what 's to come ?
western oregon senior sara tucholsky had never hit a home run in her career .
the city is losing residents , both black and white , to the suburbs .
but with the world economy faltering , the next few years could be tougher .
paul hamm 's primary competition for beijing all-around gold is china 's yang wei .
he added that northern rock would be restyled as virgin bank if he succeeds .
moreover , growers in temperate climates don 't have a 12-month supply of produce .
these innings were of considerable importance to the idea of england as a team .
" they said they would look at the problem and get back to me .
at brinkley divorce trial , shrink says supermodel 's husband not fit for custody .
jeffrey : he 's had a charmed run so far -- maybe too charmed .
pathologists later concluded that the girls had been dead for at least seven months .
controllers have a mandatory retirement age of 56 , and many are eligible sooner .
the land rover 's female passenger was also injured and taken to nevill hall .
the women 's national invitation tournament goes to 64 teams for the first time .
maggie gallagher is a syndicated columnist and president of the national organization for marriage .
no judith -- that ' thelma and louise ' myth has born bad fruit .
but his agents were lone operatives --descendants of baroness orczy 's scarlet pimpernel .
a decision that has caused a row between the local authorities and the fsa .
conventional views of political " left " and " right " are an error .
as a result , officials could not estimate when everyone would have power back .
the fundraiser , emceed by tv 's jay leno , is scheduled for oct .
carlos vela opened the scoring by nutmegging clarke carlisle before deftly chipping brian jensen .
strombergs beats two americans , mike day and donny robinson into the minor placings .
ferry accidents occur frequently in riverine bangladesh and hundreds of people die every year .
the broadcaster al-alam said the three were arrested after straying into iran from iraq .
check out these other stars who have a license to fly the friendly skies .
" i knew it was ridiculously ambitious to hope everything would arrive on time .
there was only one way to find out what these differences meant in practice .
each of the four vessels will be almost 100 metres ( 328ft ) long .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.05 gmt on thursday 5 november 2009 .
to the timid bbc of the early war years it would have seemed unthinkable .
both camps have had to pull radio adverts critical of their rival running partners .
especially that creepy caller who gives him the hour and 28 minutes to live .
he hit .270 with 39 home runs and 114 runs batted in that season .
the 29th seed will play nadia petrova or ekaterina makarova in the last 16 .
the falcons promoted his offensive coordinator , fisher deberry , to be head coach .
delta has been performing well and increased earnings by 11 per cent last year .
other would be " repurposed , " and used as parks , he said .
old age , as many voters know , can strike like an oncoming truck .
providing decent changing facilities and showers is just as important although some go further .
it 's the latest from producer judd apatow ( " knocked up " ) .
a hollywood museum is selling more than 200 hand-sculpted figures in a look-alike shake-up .
praxis would often allow men to touch her up or have sex with her .
tim duncan led the spurs with 19 points , 15 rebounds and 10 assists .
kentucky has executed two people since the reinstatement of the death penalty in 1976 .
a look at how the credit card law affects key aspects of your account .
the answer took a couple of decades ( and recessions ) to hammer out .
remarkably , it was a michael winner film that sold fellowes on the vocation .
the glass boom , however , has prompted caution among some architects and planners .
look , at least she is driving herself and not riding in a limo .
in any case , guests often paid a fortune for less than luxurious accommodations .
the dead teenager has not been formally identified although his family have been informed .
and selection is a better word than election to describe the secretive process involved .
the emotional exercise was " part pilgrimage and part memorial , " he said .
google estimates it already has made digital copies of about 6 million out-of-print books .
nor is it our job to try to convince people the sky is falling .
ap writer melissa nelson in pensacola , fla . , contributed to this story .
merkel made it clear germany does not intend to increase its military presence there .
or , islamic militants could be inspired by shipping 's vulnerability to pirate attacks .
they stuck around , and gave him marks out of 10 for his efforts .
" my cooking 's happier -- it is the happiest it has ever been .
i love pot luck suppers because i get to taste everyone else 's cooking .
meche ( 1-0 ) scattered six hits and struck out six over six-plus innings .
this volume significantly overshadows the 80 million barrels of oil consumed each day worldwide .
iran has long dismissed such claims as propaganda and refused to talk about them .
our teenagers seem to be offended at the idea that anyone might be racist !
adler was an original member of the rock band before being fired in 1990 .
ashwell is expected to be closed for several months while the damage is repaired .
so this research , it 's never described , and it never is finished .
especially today , the whimsical inventions of steven m. johnson offer something beyond amusement .
it allows us to define our margins more clearly and solidify relationships with vendors .
the president 's awkward stab at humor could dog him in the short run .
additionally , inbound and outbound call information with duration of the call is recorded .
gina beardsley hollered across the beach as the men hauled out the chicken-wire-wrapped entree .
we had a family ' reunion ' there every year through the 50 's .
q : i am curious as to how the nfl bye weeks are scheduled .
" my guess is that the highest levels are aware , " he said .
i just wish he could have had a better life , " she said .
davydenko will face u.s. open champion juan martin del potro in sunday 's final .
they took to task their own profession as well as the party and others .
it was the death knell for a story that many had regarded as incredible .
randomly veering from indifference to passion , sumin is frequently undressed but psychologically cloaked .
the series co-opted a reluctant critchlow to help oliver " pass it on . "
a primary school and two roads are closed after an armed robbery in birmingham .
incomes in the bottom 99 percent grew by 0.9 percent annually over the period .
mr. stewart is replacing mrs. limin zheng , who has resigned for personal reasons .
the first thing to become apparent is the power knapp packs in her serve .
he said no contracts , other than one with banneker , have been signed .
" we have no alternative but to achieve this peace , " he said .
most young women involved with bright pink have had family members with the disease .
we are a sports organisation - there are limits to what we can do .
" it 's really part of a global tivo strategy , " danovitz said .
there is nothing in scripture that would point to jesus ' being a homosexual .
detectives investigating a double fatal stabbing in hampshire have charged two men with murder .
several people said daly circled the lot before entering a gate with no pickets .
and new technology is certainly providing a lot more ways to be extremely distracted .
the party came to power on a manifesto commitment of an extra 1,000 officers .
as bob orr reports , the white house says cheney has his facts wrong .
" harrow and all those schools are a lot more meritocratic than they were .
parliament has become so discredited that it is time for it to be disbanded .
the earliest known chair made specifically for an eisteddfod was in 1819 in carmarthen .
both states went democratic in the 2004 presidential election , but not by much .
i 'm 58 and was excited by the prospect of an early medicare buy-in .
industry experts estimate that four out of five women are wearing the wrong size .
" i am very proud to have served as darlington 's mp since 1992 .
holding a good degree is no guarantor of inspiration though it is a pre-requisite .
residents in the region rushed out of their homes , antara news agency reported .
roddick broke in the third game of the second set for a 2-1 lead .
" there are literally hundreds of questions you can ask , " says cella .
trastevere is a lively neighborhood characterized by narrow cobblestoned streets and an open-air market .
that situation already exists and does not work in france and most other countries .
if bernanke would have done his job we wouldn 't be in this mess .
international offsets have been criticized for rewarding projects which would have taken place anyway .
" in the last 15-20 years , the industry has focused on lean production .
that 's the way we were taught and thus i do not brake heavily .
richard maintained the castle bowling green and was known as ' the green-keeper ' .
laura bush also made surprise visits to the texas and louisiana delegation breakfasts monday .
with no sign of life , the search was officially called off on aug .
hat trick : dante hancock uses his head -- and a whole lot more .
they will receive their awards at later ceremonies in minnesota and london , respectively .
her office , which is largely ceremonial , is not entirely secret , however .
substitutes not used : brown ( gk ) , pedersen , diouf , salgado .
the unhcr has begun registering the new refugees and is coordinating a humanitarian response .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.36 bst on thursday 15 october 2009 .
for six years congress was dominated by republicans and military funding was hardly questioned .
voting for mccain is a very , very poor representation of the republican party .
mr. gore declined to talk about mr. lieberman and their dispute over the war .
rather than borrowers and lenders , the system is based on buyers and sellers .
i give away my urban background , but lots of dead things piled up .
mexico 's bishops have consulted clergy in other countries that have faced similar problems .
some glass manufacturers told regulators they might not be able to meet that deadline .
an added complication is that the war effort is less u.s.-centric than in iraq .
that is far less than such businesses were worth only a few weeks ago .
u.s. to stop releasing enemy body counts sea turbines : energy 's next wave ?
i 've seen better videos in a guard 's station at a parking garage .
she then was in the senate for for five years before obama got elected .
venezuela , a major producer , agrees to supply the nations with cheap fuel .
it 's a symptom of the endless ways it offers to restructure and reinvent .
the spat was just the latest dispute between russia and ukraine over gas exports .
the home team was dominating possession but middlesbrough were still offering an occasional threat .
prosecutors also said drew later bragged about the prank to her friends and co-workers .
it 's not on the news side , it 's on the entertainment side .
she was first elected as an am when the assembly began sitting in 1999 .
part of the reason is health , and part of it is by design .
canada 's announcement came six months after its health ministry labeled bpa as dangerous .
to their families , he said , they were not " the 96 . "
i 've been to three , and everything is scripted down to the minute .
signs were detected that police forces were adopting new methods after the g20 incidents .
all such field trips , which were common , are now suspended in washington .
" catherine moves on from an outstanding term as director of the book festival .
" we look at all of them like our children , " he said .
he is a solid professional , a line-out connoisseur with an immense work ethic .
though the professors ' question appears simple enough , answering it was quite complex .
gordon brown is in deep political trouble and there is no obvious way out .
after the big game , prices edge up a bit in a normal year .
" there were two other jamaicans when i came , i was the third .
lebanon failed to elect a president tuesday , continuing its drive along the abyss .
you 'd be surprised--chicken is chicken , but not for some people .
songwriter cole porter once said that " all the world loves a clown . "
the tenants are not always prompt about reimbursing me and it is becoming onerous .
how ignnorant of our senator to think we don 't care about wasted money .
" you 've got to look at the big picture , " hillman said .
he sat next to her at the witness table for most of the hearing .
escalators and landings , stairways and turnstile areas also can be too dimly illuminated .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.10 bst on saturday 10 april 2010 .
what happens if i have money in different accounts , with the same bank ?
they had threatened to kill miss bhutto , and presumably they still mean to .
so , the joke - in intention , at least - is on them .
police challenged the man and fired two shots , both of which hit him .
on the way back they stop again to buy more , " she said .
gelbart " had class , he had wit , he had style and grace .
we 're continuing to monitor the situation , " said onemi chief vicente nunez .
city councillors voted to keep the bus lane at a cabinet meeting on tuesday .
mr molterer said the social democrats party was " without orientation or leadership . "
conservatives need new models of antitrust law to encourage genuine competition across the economy .
and he now lists the cure at troy as one of his favourite books .
look , the people who run those companies are parents and grandparents , too .
donna karan a sculptured coat made of laminated wool with a silk ruff-like collar .
huddersfield striker danny cadamarteri is attracting the attention of dundee united manager craig levein .
1 , was sufficiently democratic to represent the bloc of nearly 500 million people .
the lenders did not deal directly with customers but funded mortgages sold by brokers .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said there had been widespread reports of intimidation .
existing firms aren 't expanding much , and not enough new firms are starting .
but , true to his one unfailing trait , he is not evading responsibility .
his numbers are the lowest in presidential history at this same time in office .
cincinnati - a federal appeals court has ruled that an execution set for dec .
gordon stole home later in the inning when maier got involved in a rundown .
tsonga represents an opportunity to change that statistic in a very big way indeed .
i trained with the team on friday and saturday and was available for sunday .
he gave me some invaluable tips on skiing bumps - and partying until dawn .
writer el doctorow said mailer was " the great chronicler of his time . "
police have used the site to appeal to mr davies ' friends for information .
the beauty of emperor mccain 's heroic robes is perhaps their most cherished myth .
but the trekking trail from lukla to the base camp was littered with garbage .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.02 gmt on friday 7 january 2011 .
the obamas are also believed to be considering marat , another elite private school .
i 'd steer visitors first to primanti brothers for the city 's best-known sandwiches .
substitutes not used : taylor ( gk ) , madera , parnaby , vignal .
the u.s.-backed nationalist air force shot down 32 communist mig fighters during the crisis .
the town hosts dance and craft shows during the month-long monarch festival every february .
orlando is in the finals for just the second time in its brief history .
mr waxman wants his bill to pass through the house energy committee this week .
at wood green crown court the boy got an 18-month supervision order for rape .
mosbacher : we have some real talent out there , particularly with our governors .
the report came in well below economists ' expectations of a reading of 53 .
barry bonds was in the lineup for the afternoon contest following a night game .
reach st. john by ferry--roundtrip is a mere $ 10 per person .
" the court will pronounce on the innocence or guilt of a few individuals .
most of the women who served in the recent wars are under age 40 .
prodi was in church when a government aid informed him that sandri had died .
toyota said it will achieve growth by targeting emerging economies with low cost models .
the first appraisal well in the najwat najem structure was drilled in july 2007 .
it stands on mansu hill in the capital and is a major tourist destination .
it 's perhaps less expected that dudamel projects a certain conservatism , as well .
the bigger impact and controversies , however , will likely take place beyond california .
teachers will get 2 ½ days of training on the laptops , becerra said .
19 special election , including four democrats , two republicans and a libertarian candidate .
by comparison , in 2006 only 4,000 tickets were issued for all traffic infractions .
martinez sanchez thought that was a " stupid " thing for williams to say .
an entire semester-long law-school class could be built around just that one constitutional provision .
one was a dreary creationist movie that famously misrepresented the biologists interviewed for it .
he was named acting chief financial officer of freddie mac in september of 2008 .
mr frank points out that systemic risk is not the ots 's mandate . )
we think it really needs a shot in the arm , " he said .
if that means one-year qualifying offers for lee and robinson , so be it .
i see boys younger than 10 getting targeted for stop-and-search on a regular basis .
8 ) the us slipping to a historic low in the global corruption index .
typically geothermal plants generate electricity 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
opening dates have yet to be announced , but for details , visit www.heerim.com.
seismic activity at alaska 's mount redoubt again has scientists watching for an eruption .
the cabinet minister went on : " i am saying there are no circumstances ...
the dogs , a male and two females , were blond shepherd mixed breeds .
he increased to 120 the number of cardinals who will eventually choose his successor .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.28 bst on thursday 22 october 2009 .
in late october , residents attended two meetings to comment on the preliminary options .
a tesco spokeswoman said the matter was being dealt with by their legal team .
last year the team terminated the contract of one rider whose tests indicated abnormalities .
the u.s. force in afghanistan is scheduled to reach 68,000 by year 's end .
recent israeli media reports said the deal was recently approved by the indian cabinet .
the obama administration has insisted it has no part in gm 's day-to-day operations .
if they lose , they are no worse than a no. 4 seed .
new york had not suddenly become havana ( it was only 86 there ) .
hong kong 's return to boom has sparked fears of a return to inflation .
3 : 14 pm et : americans controlling the play in the norwegian zone .
storm , 47 , was born with a port-wine stain under her left eye .
officials told workers to take the day off in an attempt to save money .
i know i would have been very upset if that had been my children .
by 12 : 35 p.m. , the road was officially closed , etchebarne said .
the current argument about helicopters is a symptom of this wider failure of government .
mr pizarro notes that colombian conflict is one of the longest-running in the world .
she has all the suffering of mankind in her but all the perseverance too .
i learned that the paranoid disdain that traders have for brokers is mostly misplaced .
4 election showed that 12 % of americans still thought obama was a muslim .
the daughters were more likely than sons to respond to their mothers ' moods .
nationwide is the market leader by far , with £ 166 billion of assets .
whether the players ' ignorance about the overtime rule affected the outcome is debatable .
standard rooms don 't break size records , but their open floor plan helps .
mr madoff creamed off commissions from his investment business to support his share-trading operations .
dr mullany 's murder capped a weekend of unusual violence on the holiday island .
in 2009 , industrial output had slumped by 15.8 percent from output in 2008 .
mr. schwartz grew up in rhode island , the son of toy designers . )
harvard has a $ 35 billion endowment , the largest of any u.s. university .
momentum : negative riding a growth chart almost the exact opposite of anoop 's .
but frankly , we have grave misgivings about the cost and likelihood of success .
1228 : might be lively at anfield this lunchtime for the 213th merseyside derby .
he ran into the open to warn them , exposing himself to the blast .
at the time , the iranian foreign ministry insisted that the rumors were baseless .
a mix of chain and independent retailers and a growing music and literary life .
high winds and poor visibility stopped workers from climbing poles to fix the problem .
gloucestershire police are asking anyone with information relating to the incident to contact them .
the royal parks agency insisted the plans would improve sports provision without disrupting wildlife .
dziekanski , 40 , of gliwice , poland , arrived at the airport oct .
brees , who was intercepted 11 times last season , has thrown 10 already .
two senior police officers were accused of passing official secrets to alleged crime bosses .
finally the pressures became too much and they decided to go their separate ways .
we want restoration of democracy , the independence of the judiciary and the media .
in a small group of patients the heart rate drops before the fainting episode .
azuz : before we go , a couple who 's trashing their wedding plans .
irs managers have been moved into performance-based pay in phases , starting in 2001 .
his most recent premieres were organ suites performed at westminster abbey and westminster cathedral .
it just so happens that the firm has a contract with the beijing games .
he is believed to be the first-ever american suicide bomber , the fbi says .
" the government is in the process of providing computers to the remotest areas .
if you see me in san francisco , please come up and say hello !
i never did find out what happened at the end of goodnight mister tom .
in the 1960s he embraced free love , the hippy movement and organic vegetables .
" savings from the modernisation programme will be redirected back into frontline policing resources .
the hosts continued to dominate without possessing the cutting edge to create try-scoring opportunities .
ohno has also treated crown princess masako , who suffers from a stress-induced illness .
owning stuff and renting it out--that 's not essential to the economy .
not everyone believes that the usa should be as religiously focused as it is .
mr darling has been having spending discussions with all ministers , including mr balls .
the drop came despite three memoranda of understanding with china going into effect saturday .
that is why that for months warsaw pushed hard for significant us military assistance .
double wear stay-in-place lipstick in stay scarlet , £ 16 , by estée lauder .
the government 's first investment round , totaling $ 125 billion and completed oct .
now , cut out your design , pushing out the pieces as you go .
npr fire anymore of their liberal employees that have strayed off the reservation today ?
you mention " major challenges for improvements in the press and in democracy . "
nervous investors also have been flocking to mclean-based cardinal bank , another community bank .
nato soldiers sit in their vehicle in an afghan province freed from taliban forces .
she was eventually moved to a montreal hospital before being transferred to new york .
reigate and banstead borough council said it had £ 15.5m in glitnir and landsbanki .
associated press writers parveen ahmed and julhas alam in dhaka contributed to this report .
he was replaced by michael dawson , who partnered ledley king at centre back .
it 's officially " bruce springsteen day " according to gov. jodi rell .
a spokesman for dumfries and galloway council confirmed it was aware of the situation .
but the program 's effectiveness has been questioned on wall street and capitol hill .
despite all the brave denials , it looks like this monster project is dead .
myanmar 's ruling military junta has issued a rare appeal for international emergency assistance .
" you need a lot longer ropes than we would normally use in arboriculture .
6 , pulled a gun from a holster beneath his shirt and started shooting .
i think that , obviously , is key to part of our overall strategy .
sticks and stones must be thrown to force it back from whence it came .
she was wearing a brown top , dark jeans and a brown head scarf .
" i 'm just glad gandalf 's back , " the legendary actor said .
he said : " the cattle were returned to the their very grateful owner .
but for companies offering neither , it could be the end of the road .
the more times parents take new partners , the more their children are affected .
so try to add some context if you 're going to reply via @ .
the oral arguments begin at 10 a.m. and are expected to last one hour .
on wednesday night at the hammerstein ballroom , he took on another : epistemologist .
the contestants were chosen by organisers from each of the country 's 18 provinces .
it offered them training , grants and guidance but went into administration at easter .
catherine jordan of minneapolis , a 1972 graduate , credits antioch for her success .
it plans to expand the number of foreign stores over the next two years .
and according to pop tarts sources , she 's still seeing the troubled brown .
what is going to feel sort of challenging but interesting and compelling to them ?
it was a bunch of these teenagers raising themselves , deciding the pecking order .
the real point of a garden is to increase the value of our lives .
why don 't the tories themselves bring out this labour ilusion to the people ?
about a quarter of the uninsured have been offered employer-provided insurance but declined coverage .
" we have run out of stock twice already and have ordered christmas stock .
bradford city have signed northern ireland international winger keith gillespie on a free transfer .
" politicians are never really under scrutiny and are never really asked hard questions .
for infants with cataracts , surgery is often the only option to restore vision .
when our relationship had run its course , i left without asking for recipes .
he was proposing that partking be $ 100 to $ 150 dollars per day .
the children 's parents also were hospitalized with injuries sustained in the family home .
on the political front , buffett encouraged americans not to expect perfection from candidates .
and i 'm frankly surprised you didn 't pay more attention to that example .
kealing said the home was in shambles when he found it a decade ago .
next thing you know we 'll face a remake of terminator starring daniel radcliffe ...
" he looked as though he was suffering a bit , " schleck said .
the group has shown a special knack for game-winning plays in the fourth quarter .
however , among the various potions and unguents are two bottles of expired pills .
the agency is also starting to distribute food coupons for families across the city .
all of which make for what 's bound to be an addictive teenage drama .
in 1968 the st romanus , the kingston peridot and ross cleveland were lost .
marine wigley 's parents declined to see pictures of it presented to the inquest .
and though nobody would say the product was perfect , it is basically good .
the lengths i might go to to get water and food for my family .
the buyouts are part of a series of cost-saving efforts by the post office .
many people in england will vote for their local councils at the same time .
feelings of doubt , redemption , grief , and guilt are all explored here .
if no service charge is included , add 15 percent to the total bill .
strong gusts dropped the wind-chill factor and fielders covered their bare hands between pitches .
don 't expect the vast fruit that you see in the supermarket chiller cabinet .
police , who were searching waterways near york yesterday , are investigating the site .
the minister is due to meet a taskforce opposed to the plans on thursday .
but the swiss charges were fair , actually , and this just wasn 't .
but 2011 is " where it 's landing at this point in time . "
on " pocketful , " bedingfield stretches beyond the pink and christina aguilera comparisons .
sixty-five percent of those who took data from their former employer grabbed e-mail lists .
that allowed a rapid increase in supply , which is keeping values lower now .
a slight chance of rain is expected at the emergency landing site in spain .
morales , an aymara indian like achata , is bolivia 's first indigenous president .
" everyone here wishes him well in his future career , " ferguson said .
the goods may be flowing in but the resolution to this crisis is not .
mayor michael r. bloomberg was also asked about the cover at a news conference .
" it 's the fundamentals of pride in your work , " he explains .
beaming and mildly apologetic , alice waters hurries to our table at chez panisse .
the neighbor responds that he has police on the line to report an accident .
attorneys for the wone family are seeking the records from july 1 through aug .
i just sense there is a bit of pride missing , " said yorath .
officers are now trying to identify the driver and establish how the crash happened .
i feel as offended by my gym as i feel grateful to the nhs .
be warned , however , the menu lists the calorie content of every meal .
he leads in polls and has been on the air virtually non-stop all year .
" we 'd been talking about what we thought would happen if you won .
stocks of major banks and other financial companies sold off sharply on wall street .
and after 25 years , she can stop repeating what has become her mantra .
president-elect obama , i am honored by your confidence in me and your support .
officers from devon and cornwall police are appealing for more information about the accident .
if horses had to pass , it would be natural to remove the obstacles .
as his appearances have become rarer , tickets have become ever more sought after .
why are all these people going through this torture now because of me ? "
the times of london even ran a review of it by its theater critic .
orders for motor vehicles and parts dropped 6.2 percent after julyʼs 10.5 percent increase .
( cbs ) richard wike is associate director of the pew global attitudes project .
he was released on bail until a trial at snaresbrook crown court in november .
mr. wu has since left for his hometown of chengde , northeast of beijing .
contador , the 2007 tour champ , basked in the support from the texan .
why would those not also be inalienable rights for government to protect and provide ?
the garland county jail did not have information on whether casteel has an attorney .
woman on the street : we had to really be there for each other .
scientists from the universities of edinburgh and glasgow are closely involved with the lhc .
" i feel very angry and bitter towards william tudor , " she added .
with 38 percent of the vote counted , the measure was losing 74-26 percent .
mr levett said the 14-year-old defendant had added " antagonism " to the situation .
the vehicle license plate was captured on camera at the century city parking garage .
what if you had co-signed on a loan for someone now experiencing long-term unemployment ?
parliament has 450 seats , and the two pro-western parties will have 228 seats .
now comes a weekend alive with possibilities , just none of them involving woods .
espina was taken to washington hospital center in the district after he was shot .
when opportunities avail to him , he will travel because he 's a narcissist .
after their arrest on monday , they were released on police bail until august .
hillary rodham clinton , john mccain and barack obama also appeared in pre-taped messages .
7,500 , and nearby gravina island , where the town 's airstrip is located .
plymouth 's derriford hospital already has one of the lowest rates of clostridium difficile .
this time , however , even the chance of passing a resolution is slim .
it is not the first time listeners kennedy 's broadcasting has come under scrutiny .
griffioen thought the original story 's ferocity was dampened by the more adult themes .
another man , aged 26 , was detained at a hotel near heathrow airport .
jackie gleason , wearing a red carnation , presiding over the pregame coin toss .
these are the sort of heroes who used to play in the walker cup .
ms thomas said she believed the new plan would help robbie and his family .
with the loan money , she started her own small business selling beauty products .
commodity prices were broadly lower , largely because of the dollar 's firmer tone .
there is another option for trying foreign terrorists besides civilian courts : military commissions .
why veterans are stepping out of their camouflage and into the renewable energy industry .
tendulkar faced 71 balls for his 43 before being bowled by spinner brad hogg .
with rare exceptions , cable companies don 't create programming , the resell it .
tuesday , april 22 : phoenix at san antonio , 9 : 30 p.m.
secretary of state hillary clinton made asia the destination of her first trip abroad .
chelsea clinton was campaigning for her mother , speaking thursday to students in lincoln .
amid all the murky politics and dirty tricks , one thing is increasingly clear .
it was certainly not the gesture of someone with a shy and retiring nature .
the a26 was closed for four hours to allow police to examine the scene .
outside of this interruption , there isn 't much relief , comic or otherwise .
before the game , during warm-ups , the hokies mimicked their field goal protection .
gates was asked about the drone program during an interview with local express tv .
the franco-dutch giant air france-klm is the frontrunner to eventually take over the company .
only one thing was missing from their act : the home run ball itself .
hassan mattar , the couple 's lawyer , told reporters it all ended well .
not all city people , of course are so sweetly disposed to cute rodents .
yes , everyone partakes of quotidian heroism , which evidently is not an oxymoron .
kara romanow , executive editor of consumer goods technology , will moderate the webcast .
rising above such cavilling and paying up would be a small step in itself .
a debate we don 't need : do rfid chips in humans cause cancer ?
former nba head coach del harris will join the nets as vandeweghe 's assistant .
oppenheimer analyst carl mcdonald said the low payment should boost wellcare shares on tuesday .
by owning nasdaq dubai , that obstacle has been removed , said mr kazim .
the bank 's report also showed that lending to businesses declined further during july .
cuellar helped santana develop his changeup , and it eventually became his signature pitch .
edward griffiths is one of the most senior members of the buckingham palace staff .
firefighters rescued several who were trapped inside the burning building shortly before 1600 bst .
for one thing , quite a few of them work in the public sector .
earlier , the body of a second sailor missing was recovered by search teams .
even the familiar sports , like hockey , have special rules for the olympics .
a friend and associate of kadeer based in germany said the letter was fake .
peralta died in the explosion ; others in the room sustained only light wounds .
the baby is paralyzed from the torso down after being shot late thursday morning .
we should perhaps not blame the author of this latest book for the cover .
however , more banks may join the red-flag parade going forward , analysts say .
those benefiting include people with mental health issues , alcohol problems and the homeless .
" we could sell hot dogs with this view , " mr. taylor said .
anybody else notice the moment kate sees jack while she 's in the cab ?
the monetary benefit is nil , and the non-monetary one isn 't much higher .
the state department says it twice advised carter against meeting any representative of hamas .
at a news conference thursday , mr. bush brushed off mr. greenspan 's criticism .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.58 gmt on wednesday 13 january 2010 .
for more information about the " cash for clunkers " program , visit www.cars.gov.
it 's a whole different culture people , you have to keep buying them .
additionally , he said , they also risk running afoul of bush administration policies .
unfortunately , this wasn 't the case in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
one in four also thought the configuration of websites on mobile phones was poor .
and boycott even compared the nottinghamshire all-rounder to west indies great sir garry sobers .
one wing held a straw near three lines of cocaine and a razor blade .
a tender notice for up to 400 lppvs was sent out in february 2009 .
nasa was to hold a press conference in washington thursday to discuss their findings .
judith , i am so sorry to hear about the hole in your head .
anyone on the list , its protagonist warns , is " dead meat . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 23.40 gmt on friday 19 march 2010 .
most of the people were already gone by then or just about to leave .
that the fierce rivals became such good friends made them all the more appealing .
ginsburg 's views were and are at least as controversial as robert bork 's .
once again judith 's observations here are from her privileged bubble of an existence .
in the evening , the snowboarders had their first close look at the halfpipe .
bundchen , 29 , and brady , 32 , were married twice this spring .
ibm gets most of its profit from selling services and software to large companies .
eventually , the mother scraped together enough money to fly from nigeria to dublin .
he claims he was tortured by us agents and filed a damages action thursday .
the rightwing cant yell fire in a crowded theatre and get away with it .
what is clear from their quotes is that they share an appreciation for films .
one problem : the country will soon be too debt-ridden to police the world .
earlier friday , friends continued to expressed their shock and grief over her death .
azuz : we asked you for salute the troops i-reports and you certainly responded !
musical statements -- including that second theme -- became more involving with each iteration .
" to this , mr ota replied that he understood , " ibuki said .
cattermole had strained sinews to get back but his desperate tackle was too late .
hp is catching up , having taken over eds , another big it-services firm .
she said the £ 540m public asset has to be a publicly managed process .
instead of relying on county emergency rooms , they would become eligible for medi-cal .
under competition laws , tickets must be made available to all european union citizens .
u.s. markets , closed friday for a holiday , were set to reopen monday .
many now warn their clients not to plead guilty to any sort of conspiracy .
it seemed pretty quiet in the malls , and the holiday traffic was light .
the only problem is that the two are rarely healthy at the same time .
a harrogate-based soldier has been honoured for his bravery during an operation in afghanistan .
rusch gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings before being lifted .
of course , the taliban and al qaeda don 't just operate in afghanistan .
she told police she panicked after killing her boyfriend by accident , in self-defence .
they already drive flashy cars , wear expensive watches and eat at top-end restaurants .
clinton had quadruple bypass surgery at the same hospital more than five years ago .
no generic company has yet received approval from the who to produce the drug .
31 and charged as an adult with first-degree murder while armed in the killing .
if history is a guide , the market will advance in the long term .
barton silverman / the new york times lawrence frank coaching the new jersey nets .
the relationship goes well for nine months , until manhattan moves to san francisco .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.37 gmt on monday 10 january 2011 .
but new england ( 5-3 ) couldn 't simply blame vinatieri for this loss .
authorities have banned protests in the security zone around the prime minister 's residence .
a jump in the divorce rate coincided with economic turmoil in the early 1970s .
unemployment up , wages down , or at least slowing to a record low .
the button lets people report instances when they suffer or witness inappropriate sexual contact .
the people that are ruining the country are the people that make the laws .
if history has taught us anything , it 's that both are horribly possible .
put another way , that 's about $ 6,000 to transfer a single song .
after the story mode is completed , online multiplayer helps fuel suave spying fantasies .
i 'm still a trainee , but will be a consultant in four years .
one judge has described him as osama bin laden 's right-hand man in europe .
all-suite hotel ) , set on a private peninsula not far west of heraklion .
the ftse index in london gained 65.94 points to 4,443.28 , up 1.51 percent .
the man who usually drove it was stuck at the bottom of the road .
and that means getting herself into a program to address her reluctance to fly .
with catchings guarding nolan , the shock missed four of their last five shots .
the club have been brilliantly run , remaining democratic , fan-friendly and in profit .
i have a couple , yes , that i have found in the streets .
the rains have come too late for some growers of cotton and other crops .
in a plea bargain , he was convicted of two counts of second-degree murder .
banks and building societies guarantee only the first £ 50,000 held in each institution .
as those investments have fallen in value , they have exacerbated citi 's losses .
webb is a high-priced litigation gunslinger aiming to keep the mayor out of prison .
the programme 's use of children is far from exploitative , but infinitely revealing .
iran said last week it had received a letter from solana on the matter .
johnson received the box from tariq aziz , the former iraqi deputy prime minister .
representative michele bachmann , republican of minnesota , shared a seat with a daughter .
creighton vs drake ( 20 ) at scottrade center , 2 : 35 p.m.
on wednesday , there was a ceremony in the central iraqi city of diwaniya .
iran was the other dominant topic of bush 's overnight visit with the king .
bordeaux enjoyed a 3-0 win over le havre to keep pace at the top .
the majority of the city 's residents are homeless and in need of aid .
a £ 10m flood defence scheme has been officially opened in a cornish town .
a replay of the conference call will be available from 7 : 30 p.m.
in britain , meanwhile , motorcycles made up 4.3 % of the vehicle mix .
cashman is unsigned past this season , but ownership seems to want him back .
i like to catch and eat fish ; some people understandably find that immoral .
in 2007 , california had more babies , 566,352 , than wyoming has people .
my mum thought it was rubbish , but everyone else thought it was brilliant .
but in many cases the candidates ' own polling was inaccurate and overly optimistic .
and you want environmental appeasement granted to the oil , gas and coal lobby .
all she says is i saw was a poker hit me in the face .
director melanie sloan said that such discounted lodging would count as a prohibited gift .
i took one glance at a menu in a paris bistro , and presto !
thai security cameras documented the man 's arrival at thai immigration , interpol said .
but fortunes were about to be revived by the launch in april of itunes .
in terms of instant messaging , there would be little change , weiner said .
her party now faces dissolution under the junta 's new , much-criticized election laws .
although she did not have cancer , she agreed to try the new approach .
most respondents were positive about all aspects of their local sport and leisure facilities .
leading lebanese anti-syrian figures blame damascus for the killings , a charge damascus denies .
some arrive in wheelchairs or using walkers , some stroll in on their own .
prior to joining cnn , mr. roberts worked at cbs news for 14 years .
they 've done exceptionally well and it 'll be a tough test for us .
she told the jury she had not taken heroin for a number of years .
still , the housing market remains weak , according to the most recent data .
but what americans think they should eat isn 't always what they actually eat .
the parliamentary resolution calls for those individuals responsible for such crimes to be prosecuted .
it might possibly make sense if you had competitions between leagues not not nations .
survivor badal chandra saha , 42 , said the ferry went down in seconds .
he will press for the headquarters of the new bank to be in scotland .
brossard was arrested two weeks later and confessed , according to prosecutor daniel zappelli .
when she was home , they spoke gaelic to each other all the time .
along with imf aid , greece would have been eligible for eu balance-of-payments assistance .
and that , says mr. lee , is the only way it can be .
" but i 've brought my tuxedo , " i tell him , forlornly .
denmark 's foreign ministry on thursday advised danes to avoid unnecessary travel to pakistan .
" to be honest i really never have been nervous in the big leagues .
earlier in the day crude hit an all-time high of $ 109.72 a barrel .
sophie and georgina started working on the story at midday from a standing start .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.26 bst on monday 19 october 2009 .
it was stolen from mr maguire 's son 's home in wilmslow in october .
all 21 women in the six vehicle convoy were killed , and apparently raped .
the american came from seventh at the turn to snatch the victory in beijing .
he accused authorities of trying to make afzali a scapegoat for a botched investigation .
" we live in a world we don 't understand , " he said .
both were taken to hospital , where the man remains in a critical condition .
the next day , we woke up to find ourselves in a constable painting .
shivering in the cold , abu esnaina said he was beaten again before dawn .
after a number of ground-crew postings he was accepted for pilot training in 1942 .
but behind the ceremonial day , the rhythms of life in america went on .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.30 gmt on friday 19 february 2010 .
by the time solidarity took over in 1989 , lodz was already in decline .
grishina was quoted as saying there were no immediate plans to release the patients .
at & t is the first major telecommunications company to report for the quarter .
" there are information and resources out there for carers , " she said .
jon lieber ( 1-1 ) earned the win with three innings of two-hit relief .
but the problem with america 's plans for high-speed rail is not their modesty .
the periods rushed past , students and teachers alike getting back into the flow .
she told them she thought that reaching out to obama would help the situation .
george w. bush 's right to the " equal protection of the laws . "
that was lsu 's eighth conversion in 10 third-down attempts in the first half .
soon afterward , he said , mr. choi checked into a motel in flushing .
the national weather service forecast a foggy morning and light winds in the evening .
any other time and the rice fields and terrain will slow any battle down .
in the meantime , egypt has been trying to broker understandings to establish calm .
if they are ever recovered , the documents will almost certainly be irretrievably damaged .
when inheritance tax was first introduced it was designed to hit the very rich .
she said she wanted to be in the courtroom if venables faced another trial .
the school said the campus would be closed for the rest of the day .
take a trip over to the cnn website and read some of the comments .
1206 : the players are on court at the stad pietrangeli and warming up .
its shares were down 31 per cent to 37.25p by mid-afternoon trading in london .
at that point , he decided to throw in the towel on the trip .
tyree then went on to describe burress as a " freak of nature . "
for more details , call ( 213 ) 473-0800 or go to the website .
gibbs started his innings with a runner after injuring a knee while fielding friday .
the poultry processing company moy park is to close its plant in county down .
also important , they say , is that the travel insurance covers evacuation services .
his black-ringed eyes and black-lined eyebrows registered sadness , wonder , perplexity and terror .
the crisis in biotech coincides with a contracting of government funding for basic research .
it looks like their parents are dragging them to church , " nichols said .
julie halston plays the role with a determination one wishes all the actors shared .
obama is considering four reinforcement options for afghanistan , white house officials have said .
they argued that the tamils had been discriminated against by successive majority sinhalese governments .
shares in game group fell by 17.9p to 126.7p in early trading this morning .
the whiff of cooking kebab and falafel from busy food stands filled the air .
later , he read politics and philosophy at st catherine 's college , oxford .
kits for sash windows are available from www.heritagesashwindow.co.uk or www.alphasash.co.uk for about £ 85 .
the partying apparently never ceased , and neither did the reports of bad behavior .
president obama is urging democrats to pass a health care bill by easter recess .
if you don 't mind being shouted at , you are well catered for .
but independent confirmation of the death toll in the final days has been impossible .
he kept his little finger on it while he played it all the time .
nine months into his term , those promises aren 't close to being met .
" i know that several other athletes are starting to have doubts about this .
in the next , i want to help it go from good to great .
for a long time , she had thought making history was her unique destiny .
because of the failures of the current administration in afghanistan , " he said .
" 3d is just one more little product that drives people into the store .
bialowieza district would be fully incorporated into the national park under the current proposal .
all fascinating , but i haven 't come all this way for illusory monsters .
that is despite what the player himself regards as his poor form this season .
c & w provides web hosting services to a number of big uk companies .
she is mourned publicly despite revolutionary guard threats , and her likeness graces posters .
alice tully hall recently re-opened , with an airy new foyer and russet-hued auditorium .
zelaya said that he was " disappointed " with lobo after the congress vote .
he had a nonchalant bring-it-on swagger in his bearing missing in his 12 rivals .
hamels has gone at least seven innings in each of his four post-season starts .
public service minister eliphas mukonoweshuro told the gazette he has started his own review .
it also said that the taleban earned about $ 100 million from the trade .
but then few mergers offer the chance to establish a global empire of taste .
columbus had taken a 1-0 lead when emmanuel ekpo scored in the 54th minute .
expansion plans were postponed and the company laid off 100 of its 260 workers .
but even with all her crunches and lifting , she sometimes experienced denim frustration .
the senior administration official said u.s. policy toward iran remains unchanged , for now .
they had on head scarves and looked like civil servants , " he said .
the university rankings are based on a survey of academics and graduate employers worldwide .
your research will help you to know how tough you can afford to be .
are the forces that are driving action in this world uniformly benign or benevolent ?
the family have since raised more than £ 4,000 for the two maternity units .
sigma quality pioneered by motorola and ge. please visit www.carehere.com or call 615-312-8200 .
the most recent round of cuts will be company-wide , j & j said .
making a donation here and there isn 't the best use of philanthropic dollars .
because of the process of institutionalizing the consultation we embarked on this reform program .
whoever eats a meat and potato pie in the fastest time wins the contest .
the uk equivalent could be crashpadder.com , which is still in its early stages .
since formspring was first introduced roughly a year ago , its popularity has exploded .
the petrol bomb started a small fire but the occupants managed to extinguish it .
many are saying that they don 't want a government run health care system ?
the cabinet decided sunday to ratchet up law enforcement measures directed at extremist settlers .
i guess not , just noise and no substance again from the rethug party .
preliminary autopsy findings on waring and the 6-year-old suggested they drowned , covell said .
he instituted a front-page q & a and a gossip column called page 2 .
ty willingham must wonder sometimes whether he has a friend in the athletic department .
his father always paid in cash and saved up loose change to take vacations .
in recent years the interactive bit has been in some ways the most interesting .
this is why the indians said the white man talks with a forked tongue .
a skylight in the living and dining area also contributes to the airy feel .
the cadet career is divided into three programs : physical , military and academic .
that appears to be a risk that the premier league is prepared to take .
this month we are celebrating our centennial convention in new york , our birthplace .
some experts have warned that travel demand could weaken further as travel budgets shrink .
could they imagine the activity that extended up through five floors to the ateliers ?
the report found legal advisers had not been consulted on parts of the bid .
but it doesn 't take much to turn a regular game into a blowout .
if bonds is convicted , it will be an even better day for baseball .
the attack on the sixth floor of young hall prompted a swift police mobilization .
but real estate agents say many lenders still seem to disapprove of short sales .
a man was arrested at the scene , according to the ansa news agency .
he 's simply as swaggering and sexual as , well , a rock star .
scott hain was living at the family home at the time , wright said .
in that incident , immigration officials raided a printer supply company in van nuys .
high demand and poor growing conditions may mean less red on the holiday table .
now people would simply talk about how annoying you were after you 'd left .
the car flashed past , on its driver 's face an expression of insanity .
los angeles will try to even the series in game 2 on sunday night .
a different predator version is used for land patrols in arizona and north dakota .
the campaigners who prevented this sound piece from polluting their river look like philistines .
like mr miliband , mr hague developed an interest in politics during his teens .
anglesey council has officially named 10 primary schools whose future may be under threat .
moreover , the father is a doctor and is already making tons of money !
he said that fundraising for a national charity is " an enormous operation . "
fran would stand next to the stage and interact and sing with the kuklapolitans .
these days he is much more optimistic about the film industry than anything else .
the boat sank after taking on water about 150 yards from shore late saturday .
" i 'm where i should have been in may , " she said .
" he can 't take the oath from a coffin , " she sobbed .
the royals are looking for a new boss after the departure of steve coppell .
all these face and hand transplants are going to play hell with id cards .
" it 's very urgent , and it 's something that touches us . ...
the trust said white deer were potent figures in the mythology of many cultures .
it 'd be like asking a psychokiller to try a little light shoplifting instead .
the research and demonstration project has been developed with federal and state government support .
armeniaʼs energy policies represent a rare conjunction of eu , u.s. and russian interests .
" when you speak of black people it is within the context of race .
according to maori legend , the south island was formed from an upturned canoe .
shortly before his first scheduled start , glavine began feeling pain in his shoulder .
yet while the markets were happy , greece 's labor unions certainly were not .
his brother , sergey , planned to paddle their 22-foot canoe back to land .
that wing is now locked in place to avoid using its contaminated rotary joint .
previously , the campaign had added just two names to its list since november .
its four arms pick up glass plates , each dotted with 96 human-cell samples .
police said a police convoy was the target and the woman was a bystander .
editor 's note -- jim kuhnhenn covers economics and politics for the associated press .
the company has tallied 359 deliveries through the first nine months of the year .
spanish crown prince felipe and his wife letizia are scheduled to attend the talk .
burglars posing as plain-clothed police officers have conned their way into homes in cambridgeshire .
allen , 39 , did not respond monday to repeated e-mails and phone messages .
cindy diprima knows a lot about accessories -- that 's part of her job .
in particular , the clustering of smaller works leads to a surfeit of preciousness .
i think specifically of the newly elected democratic senator from minnesota , amy klobuchar .
" my task is to get them to liberate themselves , " she declared .
she said it raised doubts over whether the fisheries policy was fit for purpose .
observers say tv , radio and press news content is dominated by official information .
david blair-loy of the aclu in san diego county said the court acted correctly .
sergeant major robert j. cottle , 45 , also was killed in the explosion .
i am also adding 10mm copper pipe , hammered out flat around other beds .
the gop has seen its advantage over democrats shrink to just under 6,000 votes .
a public plan would create strong incentives for private plans to lower their costs .
so far , the cost of slimming down local government has cost £ 5.5m.
the giants made five quarterback sacks and kept pressure upon redskin passers all night .
i cannot think of a good reason to help the credit card companies .
if aep does need new generation capacity , it will turn to natural gas .
police said the incidents happened minutes apart in heywood , rochdale on wednesday afternoon .
devon county council began its inquiry to register the lessons learned from the incident .
photographs of the bright-eyed , fair- haired girl have been posted throughout the world .
no charges were ever announced against saeed or others picked up in the crackdown .
general pace was the first marine to serve as chairman of the joint chiefs .
traffic comes to a halt and heads turn when she walks down the street .
other items released by valerie , 82 , cast light on eliot 's politics .
mr. huang knew the terrain of sichuan well and did his best to help .
this means flu vaccines have to be reformulated every year to match the mutations .
i 'd like to refinance my home loan from an arm to a fixed-rate .
there 's one thing for sure , we will be the poorer for it .
but thats ok , watch the weather map in the summer , and winter .
in the system , students ' fingerprints are scanned and added to a database .
you mention a guy who says he 's only bought four albums since 1998 .
warner said he had seen strong farm sales of good midwest cropland this month .
he began with a half-volley driven to the extra-cover fence for four by hussey .
many hospitals have facilities or a person authorized by law to write a 5150 .
" we all knew his father had a drinking problem , " he said .
the newspapers identified the princess as one of the wives of abdullah 's nephews .
all three children were drowned in their bathtub inside their home in new cassel .
that has been his constant refrain during his race against democratic nominee barack obama .
externally , the standoff has had a two-pronged effect on argentina , he said .
when the battle was over , more than 70 americans lay dead or wounded .
just 24 percent of those who make less than $ 30,000 say the same .
a selection of photographs from the book created by rick smolan and jennifer erwit .
new formulations mean that a bottle is as healthy an alternative as a breast .
" they are bon-vivants , so everyone knows that they 've been out drinking .
waiting for him to show up , i found myself feeling a little nostalgic .
lily develops a teenage crush and has her first kiss with a black teenager .
" everything 's going smoothly , " said state election commission spokesman chris whitmire .
but can israel and the palestinians conclude a peace agreement mostly on their own ?
we believe that these schemes will continue to drive robust growth in domestic consumption .
meanwhile , back in reality , it has obviously taken longer than 9 months .
the dead included a 13-year-old girl and a 10-year-old boy , the report said .
heavens -- on facebook , she even included " men " as an interest .
she now presides with a mousetrap armed at her feet , the post said .
it 's knowing that when he struggles to stand , he stands so tall .
then he ran off to play video games , free for a little while .
umpire russell tiffin gave it not out , but gayle asked for a review .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.17 gmt on tuesday 9 february 2010 .
don 't forget to let us know who you are and where you are .
nov 2008 i am always having to answer questions as though we 've failed .
mr. conte spent four months in jail based on the evidence mr. novitzky gathered .
they hope to have the guinness organization verify the claim in the coming weeks .
the uk is behind , but growth here also appears to be turning positive .
however , when the impact of tamiflu was excluded sales rose by 9 % .
then came the call each of them dreaded : tyler had taken a fall .
this press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition and business .
transparency international ranked iraq as the world 's third most corrupt country last year .
sergio ramos also advanced at nilsson , drawing the full-back into a clumsy foul .
the cartels aren 't just a reflection of the end user of their products .
agency used 1989 data for a plant that 's really in santa fe springs .
last week china raised bank reserve requirements for the first time since june 2008 .
count on six hours on this route , which is reached on route 600 .
iraq was becoming a never ending battle and afghanistan was becoming a lost cause .
" i wish i could bring my kid to work , " one said .
" dominant cable operators have the motive and means to discriminate against independent programmers .
privately , some donors say they 're more desperate than ever , maher said .
the nrdc , among other groups , argues that these measures are not sufficient .
last year we saw a downturn unprecedented in post-war history for severity and speed .
the woman is also stable and her injuries are not said to be life-threatening .
he was released friday , with bond conditions including no travel and the tether .
u.s. commanders say sadr 's ceasefire has been a major factor in improved security .
on tuesday , baza said , young men armed with machetes attacked kuru karama .
wariner clocked 44.56sec to set the pace so far in the young olympic season .
" now people understand why china needs its own software , especially basic programs .
the atmosphere in the run-up to this meeting of nato foreign ministers was acrimonious .
the agency also is looking at solar-powered technologies , fuel cells and other systems .
when tnf-alpha is suppressed , the granulomas can dissolve and release the still-living fungi .
and even with the best intelligence gathering operation , things can still go wrong .
the boy 's attorney has yet to file a plea , the broadcaster said .
" he had been secretly taking skating lessons for months , " she said .
11 , said the decision to go ahead with a quarter-point cut on oct .
the lawsuit was filed in june 2001 by the 11 villagers , using pseudonyms .
" she doesn 't coddle aaron , " says family friend dr. michael gutierrez .
these tend not to be people who think normal adolescent challenges constitute a crisis .
unlike arkansas , illinois is multicultural , densely populated state with several major cities .
the nuggets had lost 11 of their previous 15 road games against the clippers .
" siegfried & roy : the magic returns " airs friday at 9 p.m.
we liberals are not the enemy ; we are there for you.join the collective .
two men are reported to have been taken into custody , us reports say .
his investigations grew from researching the historic village of cromarty on the black isle .
the tigers should still be no. 1 when the poll comes out sunday .
and £ 234m -- the amount theoretically owed to the owner , mike ashley .
if there is a shortfall here we can then talk through your different options .
lower health care costs for families is certainly one of the goals of reform .
the full results of the talks are to be disclosed at the moscow meeting .
the statement was relayed to the media by al-sadr 's close aide hazem al-aaraji .
you crawl on the floors ; you conjure faces from cracks in the ceiling .
but breyer noted that the witnesses themselves have not asked the court to intervene .
vintage vehicles and a display from the saltash museum also featured during the event .
and to when you see a fork on the road , to take it .
a hearing to consider final approval of the settlement is scheduled for june 16 .
dispatches ( c4 ) told the story of africa 's child " witches . "
but what does this have to do with jim tebow 's super bowl ad ?
i 'd like to prune it back , but it 's starting to bloom .
now , not long after ingall 's departure , it manages £ 10 billion .
sam and lindsey porter were 7 and 8 when tina porter last saw them .
the latter , in particular , was one of the most notorious liberian warlords .
they see growth , they see job creation and they just want the dues .
i know the bus is leaving ; i 'm supposed to be on it .
lavrov signaled that any final agreement would come only with the new u.s. administration .
robinson says his grandmother has dementia and couldn 't say where she had been .
why the water intervention influenced weight risk among the schoolchildren isn 't entirely clear .
democrats and republicans alike were surprised when he presided over the swearing-in on jan .
this is a guy who toiled for years as british sport 's best-kept secret .
that was shocking , particularly in light of american filmgoer 's aversion to subtitles .
the margin for mr. obama was even larger , 86 percent to 14 percent .
still unclear is how much money whitton and dyer got out of the hoax .
third period _ 2 , n.y. rangers , girardi 8 , 8 : 07 .
and no type of property ; even a spare room shouldn 't be overlooked .
in the summer , a free trolley loops around the area 's major attractions .
henry solly founded the ciu as a place where working class men could socialise .
we 've got new amazing stuff from scoop deville , that guy is incredible .
it had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 5.5 percentage points .
the project is the brainchild of thupten samdup , a tibetan based in canada .
nato members and other allies have pledged at least 7,000 more troops as well .
workers claim their pay has fallen behind compared with wage rates of other utilities .
19-march 20 ) : you can feel overwhelmed by events generally outside your control .
olympics and luge federation officials say kumaritashvili was late coming out of a turn .
now outram and colleagues believe they have three conclusive pieces of evidence proving domestication .
but it is absolutely essential that the democrats take back the whitehouse in november .
emergency services were called to the crash scene at about 1235 bst on saturday .
eibel-eibesfeldt is a student of konrad lorenz who pioneered the examination of innate behavior .
for bobby reusing " existing buildings is an important part of ecological architecture . "
the centrify offering is also certified for red hat enterprise linux for system z .
she was , after all , a bit of a thespian on the side .
shoppers can also visit http : / / www.fuelyourfamilyforfree.com / to download a voucher .
diamanti took the ensuing penalty with all the entertainment value his name would imply .
the first time i saw a sbarro in new york , i was appalled .
after arizona , the bears return to strawberry canyon to face ucla and oregon .
he was among nine players who broke par friday , finishing at 8-under 134 .
the progressive degenerative and incurable neurological disease for which affects her mobility and balance .
shoppers also can submit a lower offer that the dealer can accept or reject .
the city council just lied to us residents so we can vote for them .
which is what is so melancholy about the present-day developments in the car industry .
sopel restored chicago 's lead 3-2 with 6 : 34 left in the second .
music is the easiest to download , followed by movies , then video games .
it just as likely a moment of truth for israel and the united states .
i 'm now at 19 weeks and holding up relatively well , i think .
even so , there is sure to be substantial slippage in the tory vote .
his name is bob hill . � � an a-section article in some nov .
mr. edwards is chairman of the subcommittee that wrote the spending bill for veterans .
its cause remains unclear , but may involve a problem with the immune system .
" i 'll go back to school if i can , " said terry .
the music sounded to me like memphis -- elvis long before he reached vegas .
the 10-question form is one of the shortest in the history of the census .
for black american , obama is not too black that he isn 't electable .
airlines in the united states were canceling some flights to europe and delaying others .
he said he was " deeply , deeply uncomfortable " with virtual house arrest .
the motorway was closed in both directions for several hours but has since reopened .
the prison was said to be working hard to reduce both supply and demand .
carbon dioxide data collated by the indispensable pieter tans are available at this site .
but we basically feel they have more of a neutral stance at this point .
the bodies of the children were scattered in bedrooms and a basement toy room .
the former massachusetts governor retooled his strategy following his second-place finish in new hampshire .
so watusi has arrived in our white house ... who 'd a thought it ?
sla-unity is one of the rebel groups with the most supporters in kalma camp .
even halcro found himself the subject of e-mails that todd palin was copied on .
could it actually be the fault of bottle-blonde lawyers with killer heels ? 1 .
the status of the candidates beneath him appears to be in flux , however .
however , 7,347 rescued animals were abandoned pets , compared with 5,959 in 2006 .
and the end of his england contract coincides with ferguson 's tentative retirement plans .
that is especially the case for helicopter maintenance and poorly equipped frontier corps units .
the straits times index fell 15.30 points , or 0.56 percent , to 2,720.87 .
dwyer once confided that another image , also involving a child , disturbed him .
based on tuesday 's primary election results i have succeeded beyond my wildest dreams !
mr clarke insisted it would be " extraordinary " if labour were to win .
he used to make up to y300,000 a month with overtime at a factory .
but like almost all blasphemy victims , there is no question of returning home .
but the fried chicken at egg in williamsburg , brooklyn : it 's good .
intelligence chiefs say that potential terrorists are increasingly using the internet to plan attacks .
henley was a fiasco for labour but they never had a chance of winning .
several hands went up , then down as former tennessee sen. fred thompson objected .
it is a fitting place for charlie vandergaw to play by his own rules .
it prompted a call for an apology from south of scotland msp derek brownlee .
" i also want to thank you for the honorary degree that i received .
it also provides services to leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust and north somerset council .
the results of the stress tests won 't be publicly released until may 4 .
the lawsuit will name sheriff jeff dawsy and his department , the attorneys said .
lord mandelson paused briefly during the intervention but did not respond to it directly .
the rest of the meat will go to the needy , said county officials .
the victims were standing around the bus , which had no passengers on board .
the banks and the insurance industry are no different than tiger : screw everyone .
i have a full-time job and certainly contribute 50 percent toward our household expenses .
i knew this time i had to call the police , and i did .
the biggest loser among the dow was aluminum mining company alcoa ( aa ) .
so blears played wihin the rules and won 't face retributon for her embezzlement .
this could possibly add a little energy just optimized to make you feel warm .
they were detained in the gulf after their yacht apparently strayed into iranian waters .
" i 've volunteered in the community since the beginning , " she said .
keep on the important stories , guys ' n gals of the fourth estate !
to fill time , he usually said everything three times , " engst said .
after a 3-4 start in 2008 , they finished on a nine-game winning streak .
the surge , he said , would cost $ 30bn in a full year .
the cost of the police operation was estimated to be more than £ 100,000 .
what made you want to be a part of the great american apparel diet ?
because a woman has to be willing to work hard to wear these clothes .
the signature opera was the rarely performed " padmavati , " by albert roussel .
the destruction of the historic landmark is a serious blow to many south koreans .
meanwhile , the hours rolled by and the russian models were due to arrive .
yet afghans would rather stay at the jungle camp than in their own country .
the council said the budget cuts were necessary to try to balance the books .
remove this slippery mess by spraying it with the garden hose or power washer .
first celebrity sighting : beefy mixed martial arts fighter chuck liddell going through security .
perhaps the quality that nfl fans admire more than all the others is success .
g.m. shares fell $ 1.24 , or 4.9 percent , to $ 24.30 .
a couple of unions have filed notice that they may want to continue striking .
but how do you keep talented lower-class people at the bottom of the heap ?
there was no immediate word on whether charges would be filed against the driver .
" we could see the start-up in a two or three months ' time .
" all the fears of a public servant are private , " he answered .
intense chilean bargain with a pure nose and some cappuccino richness on the palate .
27 with actor and comedian mike epps serving as host , the network said .
in disney , upshaw sang to the masses ( attendance was approximately 1,000 ) .
it is different from the way it was when he took the other picture .
who needs congestion pricing when plain old toll increases seem to do the job ?
time : what 's the deadline to make a decision about producing a vaccine ?
thousands of pakistani police and troops were deployed for wednesday 's relay in islamabad .
the atlantic division leaders matched their longest win streak since march 16-31 , 1993 .
this , then , is a world unimaginable to those who perished at ibrox .
local officials often invest , though they are in theory banned from doing so .
legislative auditors also raised questions about whether the proposed change violates the state constitution .
the piccadilly station stop has also been refurbished with a new entrance and signs .
the games have given rise to countless uplifting stories of success against great odds .
i keep waiting i am willing to listen i belive in hearing both sides !
the value of the us currency has fallen sharply since last year 's meltdown .
nunn 's name has been circulated recently as a possible running mate for obama .
the top skaters in all four disciplines will qualify for the grand prix final .
officials are expecting further significant dropoffs when october 's market plunges are calculated in .
beliefs can be changed , and when they are , so is personality . "
deals aimed at first-time buyers have become harder to find since the credit crunch .
young people find they are targeted just for being young , " said laura .
the ntsb 's final report on the crash is expected some time next year .
ms lagos reckons that it might , because expectations of change are so low .
if the deal is approved , telelogic would join ibm 's rational software unit .
u.s. attorney frank magill jr. announced the guilty plea wednesday in a news release .
the obama administration is promoting nuclear power because it does not involve co2 emissions .
another indicator could be them becoming secretive when discussing finances with family or friends .
u.s. officials emphasized that the number of additional prisoners at bagram would be modest .
but what if duty to your troops conflicts with duty to your political leaders ?
i explained a bit about my work , and we discussed their privacy concerns .
shi 'ite islam is to islam as snake-handlers and evangelical trash is to christianity .
7 , anaheim , o 'donnell 2 , 18 : 55 ( en ) .
he seemed as puzzled as everyone else , but he took responsibility for it .
this time around , some middle eastern oil producers are trying to be smarter .
the extra money is available because virginia 's welfare population is smaller than projected .
it would generally be equivalent to " two sizable meals , " debar said .
and there was unanimity for the un to have primacy in tackling the problem .
the former denotes your boarding group ; the latter , your position within it .
i 'm going to make government live on a budget just like you do .
that , at least , was how i got interested in the martial arts .
like practically everything else , people fooling around is transformed by the online context .
aug 2002 ( newcastle ) : one month out ; recovers from knee surgery .
so we check in for a night , in an atrium-facing $ 314 king .
" people were afraid of what could happen next , " said petr janis .
low voter turnout and allegations of fraud have cast a pall over the election .
they encouraged kiril to train seriously , which he did , starting at 8 .
barnett says he redirects many people who visit the wrong kiosk or check-in line .
the ethnically mixed city has seen a rise in violence over the last year .
the more you offer extrinsic motivators , the more intrinsic motivation tends to decline .
only four of the moores ' eight children , all girls , reached adulthood .
it is an integral part of a deterministic process that is already under way .
20 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- as previously announced , great wolf resorts , inc .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.19 bst on saturday 17 october 2009 .
u.s. and colombian authorities say it funds its operations through cocaine trafficking and extortion .
meanwhile , in the orchard , only one apple hangs invitingly from a tree .
paul - m k , has a short memory - or a selective one .
a local news crew saw at least one home completely consumed by the fire .
cnn 's charley keyes , zain verjee and elaine quijano contributed to this report .
a friend of mine in british intelligence called it " an alternative family . "
he was taken into custody by island authorities and will now face extradition proceedings .
some obama advisors want to blend his campaign operation with the democratic national committee .
on domestic policy , i voted for him because he supports people in tehran .
batman : arkham asylum has been crowned best game at the bafta 2010 awards .
the restricted zone in d.c. , all it does is catch poor innocent people .
new york leads detroit in the wild-card race by 5 1 / 2 games .
unfortunately , i had just found out the hard way how wrong i was .
there was no evidence of any payment and the alleged dates did not correspond .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.47 gmt on wednesday 12 january 2011 .
she 's also nervous about being in the dark , even off her bike .
the post will be subject to a vote at the party conference in september .
chesnutt had attempted suicide numerous times , even singing about it in his music .
the capital 's new self-service bicycle rental system was sold out in most locations .
" between our two companies , it will be clearly thousands of jobs . "
two weeks in , the hallways are calm and heads are bowed in study .
he 's captured a lot of the establishment now who are with john mccain .
commissioners wanted to find a way to get tax income from the service sector .
this must bring all the memories flooding back for you jets fans out there .
clinton strategists are even looking as far ahead as pennsylvania 's april 22 primary .
the selection of armstrong as a ' civilian ' first human on the moon .
they surrounded themselves with only those who would " dance to their tune . "
she was flown to hospital where she was treated for a suspected broken ankle .
the winners were sherif naguib , el-ahmady , el-beltagy , abdel fattah and sadek .
" we already have prototypes which are completely passive , " said dr mohan .
i have gone very easily from one place to another , " she said .
rumours abound of cases in which all the big search engines take similar steps .
he has been the most gracious and understanding of any star of his generation .
" it then collided with the gentleman and as a result he tragically died .
a competition was also launched for a memorial to be built in the garden .
only europe 's new member states reported strong growth in the new car market .
mps and officials must swipe their security passes to gain access to certain areas .
19 whupping in wisconsin -- clinton returns to texas to make a last stand .
the current border crisis developed at breathtaking speed , typical of gaza 's volatility .
you can read elkhart reaction to this economic news in our elkhart project blog .
biscardo would not immediately release the names of the union members aboard the vessel .
in 1998 , oil prices fell to little more than $ 10 a barrel .
his comments to as contrast with those he made immediately after armstrong 's announcement .
for the fourth , any of these looks will happily say " america . "
" the pieces in the collection , however beautiful , all had a use .
a brief formal announcement that a cash call is under consideration coould come today .
but i contend that their empty dismissals of grass-roots anger are much more dangerous .
today , she was in a critical but stable condition in wexham park hospital .
deco should orchestrate the midfield , with raul meireles and carlos martins in support .
ministers say the fall is due to many factors , not just increased supply .
intelligence gathered for the operation began in february , with community presentations about prevention .
the journal reported that some of those affected were purely cases of mistaken identity .
but the iea also said that the outlook for supplies of oil was improving .
conversation among the passengers keeps returning to the most pressing of concerns - security .
send us your best travel photos for the chance to win a luxury suitcase .
mandy said regular customers in the shop have been very supportive during her diet .
the company will issue a press release reporting its results prior to the call .
they have all been welcoming , and don 't mind that trina is white .
samples of the water , snow , ice and air will also be taken .
fish and wildlife withdrew that proposal , but now the agency is trying again .
his boss later said he thought the officer was busy doing paperwork all evening .
a royal mail spokesman said some deliveries were still being made to bilton terrace .
you can also apply for an eta in person at the embassy for free .
the latest arrests include a 21-year-old man and two boys aged 16 and 17 .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the talks .
it is up 38 per cent on the lows it hit in early march .
computer experts have warned the zeus trojan can circumvent the most up-to-date anti-virus software .
finally , whatever happened to the sense that we know what we 're doing ?
mayor antonio villaraigosa says los angeles must act now to solve its budget crisis .
along with mustard , skok and the pairs colleagues detailed their findings online oct .
back then , morales took to calling rocha his best " campaign manager . "
many rooms have water views -- the higher the better in this 10-story hotel .
goldstein would make matzo and eggs and mix sour cream with grated beet juice .
more than 113,000 people already have exhausted state and federal regular and extended benefits .
dhl announced in may that it planned to close the plant to cut costs .
allusions to her in the black album evoked no visible shudder from the audience .
the prospect of the government competing in the insurance market has been highly controversial .
it looks like the rest of the system 's out of money right now .
the violence appeared to target the property of ben ali 's family in particular .
but clarke said the labor party , doesn 't know where cuts will be .
and early in the study , some children cried when the robot fell over .
no check was made for ketamine , as it is not routinely checked for .
at today 's meeting , rtu stockholders approved the merger with and into utf .
those punished in this way sit alone for 10 minutes or perform clean-up duty .
a brits spokesman said any ban by the company was " their prerogative . "
i hit a low point when i thought that they 'd broken my whisk .
net profit of € 388m came in 5 per cent lower in annual comparison .
the un today described the defence of goma as a " red line . "
minnie , an 8-year-old pomeranian therapy dog , listens as a child reads aloud .
to adopt such a course is a disguised way of retreating from afghanistan altogether .
the sign at the work site says that it too is a stimulus project .
he continued : " i cannot say how long this will go on .
" microsoft will be able to report a greater share in terms of search ...
the restaurant and lounge are both on the ground floor for easy access too .
mujahid : i want to tell you clearly we have different kinds of tactics .
hornets boss aidy boothroyd reckons form goes out of the window in the play-offs .
a masked man has failed in his attempt to rob a bookmakers on tyneside .
sabres center adam mair left after injuring his right leg in the second period .
he went on to speak a bit more specifically , but not that much .
the transport ministry had said that two people were injured " after evacuation . "
if he was white he would have wrapped up the nomination a month ago .
czech president vaclav klaus has taken his criticism of european integration to new heights .
" generation in power " was translated as " generation in good health . "
they also had a higher incidence of moderate to severe depression than normal users .
when woods was out with his knee injury , ratings typically plunged 50 percent .
but the company expects a drop of 18 percent to 22 percent in june .
true , we were bad -- but not as bad as the baath party .
pirates last hijacked a yemeni fishing boat in the gulf of aden on dec .
tonton robert boasted that no vase or plate had ever cracked on his watch .
and did you know that cheney uses his wife 's cookies for target practice ?
he allowed her to come back to pakistan , and sharif returned weeks later .
the chairmanship of the nda became vacant last summer when sir anthony cleaver retired .
the most popular submission was probably not what the former spin-doctor had in mind !
like wegmans , it says it relies on strong sourcing policies to ensure safety .
leaders of memorial immediately laid blame for her murder at mr. kadyrov 's feet .
other correspondents referred to two well-known cases involving the top-line journals science and nature .
the majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are the chief cause of global warming .
it turned out the child had followed suleman 's mother out of the house .
his work on genes shows why some people gain weight more easily than others .
the mids participate with family activities and often develop close friendships with local families .
she reviewed a dozen academic research studies and found them reassuring in two ways .
both officials spoke on a condition of anonymity in advance of the official announcement .
beginning on 25 february , everyone has the opportunity to comment on the plans .
( " think about your kids , " he said , with shocking tenderness .
in a spiritual marketplace , most of the consumers don 't stay long . "
lavrov met with german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier in this urals city on wednesday .
the ugly snag involved a guide wire , two hinge wires and two grommets .
the steelers ' gamble with an onside kick to open the game failed miserably .
" world leadership is now vital if the talks are not to fail completely .
braxton was released the following day , but last week 's shows were canceled .
obama 's economic team has put forward several major programs to increase small-business lending .
indiana was led by 21 points from roy hibbert and troy murphy with 18 .
the huskies won an ncaa-record 90 games in a row until losing to stanford .
ask your doc to swab his scope with alcohol . • don 't share .
chicago peppered olaf kolzig with 42 shots to halt the capitals four-game winning streak .
the added turbines will boost the plant 's power production by about 2,000 megawatts .
for campbell , the incident has been the source of emotional and physical pain .
spokeswoman alicia dixon told khou that randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine .
if you are overweight , it 's wise to do something about this soon .
they were intended to be sent by courier to government auditors but never arrived .
los angeles - " iron man " was pure gold at the box office .
that hindsight often does not prompt them to change their behavior to save money .
" a man taking another wife will give financial protection to the second woman .
" bydd hefyd yn dod â band eang cyflym i 'r gymuned amaethyddol . "
there are a couple of good websites that might help you make your point .
experts said dna will be the key to solving difficult cases in the future .
i hope he 's using the same filter when it comes to this design .
the kepesh in " the dying animal " is 70 and engorged with rage .
the cia refused to confirm the employment status of the officials in the case .
but it 's truphone 's pay feature that puts it ahead of the others .
alternately , a growing number of networking sites are geared specifically toward younger users .
but the most promising candidate was magnetism because of the durability of its effects .
it is mr. hwang 's reasonable contention that we are all imprisoned by masks .
not i. opposition to health-care rationing is a little like opposition to growing up .
security remained tight around colombo , which is filled with checkpoints and patrolling troops .
he was on the sideline during the second half , his ankle heavily taped .
and this is a one-and-done tournament , not the best-of-seven or even the best-of-three .
corey was suspended for two years in 2006 after he failed a drug test .
after cleaning the beds , assess which woody broadleaf evergreens need to be rejuvenated .
somewhat unconventionally , gen jones travels frequently and is thus often out of town .
and could he have made the story up in pursuit of fame and money ?
chinese stocks have fallen by more than half after soaring to records in october .
the government last month extended the popular programme by six months to september 2010 .
inside bear , the vitriol over the original bargain-basement price was palpable last week .
overall , analysts believe that rbs has a bigger restructuring task on its hands .
you 've got to put on your big boy pants and go for it .
is dary 's impressive performance from the first episode still the time to beat ?
i see no fruitful future for this lonesome twosome on the likes of eharmony .
many states , including washington , also struggle to pay for mental health services .
in the previous year , this " attainment gap " had been 28.4 % .
" but let us remember then where did the holocaust happen to begin with ?
you know , we are very clear about our position on turkish territorial integrity .
their study involved 420 cigarette smokers and 182 tobacco chewers who did not smoke .
related : click here to read the full report from the times of london .
local media quoted team officials as saying all players and coaches were accounted for .
another major task for relief workers is to reunite families separated by the fighting .
the main difference is that back then the lawyer-hero came sanctified and fully formed .
they have a longer , more expensive path to meet requirements in the measure .
the study also showed a sharp recent decline in the interest of private investors .
" it is very difficult for the referee , " he said on saturday .
in the case of grameen bank , the cost of fund is 10 percent .
for more information about msc cruises , visit www.msccruisesusa.com or a local travel professional .
for the republicans , mike huckabee beat frontrunner john mccain in kansas and louisiana .
but , calder continued her overtaking manoevre and crashed into mrs arnot 's car .
even martha stewart might have a hard time selling a mansion in this market .
the new evidence comes from in daxishan , in jianchang county in northeastern china .
the state of indiana will be the second biggest recipient of the grant money .
his call for " less regulation " friday suggests he has shifted back again .
fewer than one in five were charged , most of them with immigration violations .
thursday began a 15-day window in which approximately 180 players can become free agents .
kucinich is an ohio democrat who heads the house oversight and government reform committee .
in this case , they knew perfectly well they were misrepresenting what we said .
but spector maintained that the bar hostess and actress died by her own hand .
the second is that the state makes almost no effort to enforce the law .
but the legislative , political and legal battles over the bill aren 't over .
all but one issue were from companies rated at or above ' bb- ' .
elvis played here , as did johnny cash , bob dylan and patsy cline .
the official death toll rose tuesday to nearly 12,000 , and thousands remained missing .
but an aig spokesman said the company has an obligation to press its case .
the sri lankan government 's first priority must be to attend to the wounded .
we are not rich but we work very hard to try to have more .
the teacher took it , placed it on a desk and notified the principal .
the nasdaq composite index lost 96.85 points , or 6.53 percent , to 1,386.42 .
boyd drove wide from the same distance as the visitors finished the half strongly .
the propaganda war between the two has definitely hit full force in recent times .
you should begin by clarifying what level of protection you already have in place .
straughter is free on bond and her children have been placed in foster care .
if you own some , you can probably do whatever you want with them .
in such a system , congress might give polluters the option of buying offsets .
the uk said it had not been satisfied with the investigation into these claims .
celebrations for the uk 's first armed forces day are to be held later .
george 's influence continued when he became director of commercial and industrial public companies .
the transportation security administration is advertising for applicants to fill 50 air marshal positions .
overall , analysts are expecting write-off charges of more than £ 1bn in may .
for the moment , wenger must be happy enough that a win was wangled .
everything was boxy and cut away from the body -- very sexless and pilgrim .
the horn of africa nation is flooded with weapons and divided among warring clans .
celtics guard ray allen said he didn 't expect there to be lingering animosity .
for more information about berkeley rep , please visit http : / / www.berkeleyrep.org.
the royal irish regiment is two months into a six-month tour of southern afghanistan .
the decision entailed a two-year masters degree and a 95 per cent pay cut .
congressional resistance to the compromise deal with north korea probably prompted yesterday 's disclosures .
" we don 't seem to have enough downforce here , " he said .
sophisticated sonar equipment identified 80 previously unknown underwater mountains and 145 new undersea canyons .
mr. guttentag and mr. sturman provided " nanking " with its central cinematic conceit .
the band , originally from russia , are accompanying madonna during the whole tour .
i myself would be the first to kick his butt all over the room .
the country remains fragile and hosts a united nations contingent to support security efforts .
the ring action can be divided into two sections ; standing and mat fighting .
in recent years , this has become less true than it used to be .
the match ended when lee 's backhand shot at 20-11 landed outside the baseline .
many taxpayers fear that an amended return can raise their chances of being audited .
if you would like to join the fight , then please write to me .
they shoved a felt-tip pen into the slot , and luckily , it fitted .
burnham became prime minister and took the country to independence as guyana in 1966 .
once planted , cut each cane back to 9in high to prevent wind rock .
it also shows that nobody wants to be told something that changes their worldview .
the company said the airbags can deploy with too much pressure , causing injury .
2005 october - saddam hussein goes on trial on charges of crimes against humanity .
she says her years in solitary confinement have helped her cope with the isolation .
chelsea face manchester united in the champions league final in moscow on may 21 .
we have to give them a reason to come back , " he says .
others complain that songs created with it all tend to have a similar sound .
19-march 20 ) : there is a breakthrough in tension , allowing forward progress .
some roads were cut off by floodwaters , making it hard to distribute supplies .
palin and her husband , todd , will give separate depositions friday in missouri .
only 29 per cent of people leaving hospital on all four drugs were women .
rents to rise as number of let properties looks set to fall in 2010 .
hamas , which is pledged to destroy israel , remains excluded from any negotiations .
" overall you can see there is a great spirit in the side . "
and i 'm a merchant seaman - a group hardly known for liberated views .
obama tells senate democrats they still have big majority and responsibility to fix problems .
term limits are a must , limits on the financial industry are a must .
analysts , on average , had expected 40 cents , according to reuters estimates .
umist was in a demoralised state when he was appointed acting principal in 1982 .
appleton , wisconsin ( reuters ) - would abba take a chance on him ?
lots of others are trying to elbow their way into the leading political pack .
for some boaters , the festival is just one stop-off on a never-ending journey .
tokyo pushed for a full resolution , while china pressed for a lighter reprimand .
when you 're yomping over the hilltops then surely the views are the thing .
the doctor who implanted the eggs should have his license taken away - forever !
the blockade has led to relatively brief interruptions in aid distribution in the past .
choose an older ship if you 're not looking for the splashiest new features .
mr roth said the snb would act again to prevent the risk of deflation .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.38 gmt on tuesday 9 february 2010 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.21 bst on friday 23 october 2009 .
" it 's a really dramatic effect from a public health point of view .
as many as 5 million people have died since the fighting began in 1998 .
turning this once great country into a socialist mecca with its goverment owning everything .
police have arrested two suspected looters and are treating some locations as crime scenes .
officials said they expect delays and detours on 13 metrobus routes from 9 p.m.
call it sacrilege , but i have never been excited by this humdrum dip .
notes : the phillies are scouting free-agent pitcher pedro martinez in the dominican republic .
the polish constitution states that marriage is only between a man and a woman .
voting on tuesday will take place in 87 of the state 's 182 constituencies .
it 's trite but true : the bigger planes do provide a smoother ride .
the job cuts will be implemented in about a month , the company said .
they try to nudge them up gently so as not to choke off demand .
less episodes in season 4 meant back stories were compromised for the new people .
ellis said he was told it would take four to six weeks to heal .
a large number of experts had previously thought this happened the other way around .
roy put pierce into a game , and he rallied them to a win .
a human fingertip can sometimes grow back and cuts often heal with minimal scarring .
in washington , there 's been very little outright criticism of the civilian surge .
he wrote to his parents after the attack that killed two marines last fall .
feral , abandoned children hovered in packs around uncollected refuse heaped outside the building .
equipped with an artificial leg , he was walking three months after being hit .
should investors sell their shares of semitool and redeploy the profits to new opportunities ?
longtime new jersey devils executive lou lamoriello was chosen in the builders ' category .
that gastric band revealed that fern 's weak and lazy fat character remained intact .
his campaign accused obama of " simply following in john mccain 's footsteps . ...
i married a man raised by a family educated in the sciences and engineering .
drugs in canada cost half as much as they do in the united states .
issa hayatou ( african federation president ) : africa can be the 2018 kingmaker .
the report was expected last summer , but the oft delayed publication until 2010 .
so why are musicians suddenly trying to rehabilitate this totem of rock star folly ?
shares have traded lower in the past week after rumors about wasserstein being ill .
of 27 untreated animals , 26 became infected after an average of two exposures .
o 'hair must finish strong to make the u.s. side for the ryder cup .
dominick muniz , 27 , used to drive a forklift and work in construction .
12 , 1984 , against edmonton--that a hartford-carolina player had four goals .
without tese gains , the net loss would have climbed to 1.1 billion euros .
earlier this week , she wasn 't even sure she 'd play this event .
fox 's crime drama " bones " claimed 10th place with its season premiere .
plasma tv , and maybe the new iphone too ! " adds ms. roberts .
protecting this much land would be big news in any region of the country .
mrs. clinton noticed , however , that elizabeth edwards did not join her husband .
e & p 's website immediately resumed operations upon the completion of the sale .
that 's not too far off , said clemson university professor paul l. dawson .
ramos-horta slowly woke up on wednesday at the australian hospital where he is recuperating .
michelle singletary : i have no idea why your britches are in a bunch .
the bundeswehr 's military mission in afghanistan is supremely unpopular with the german public .
" three members of the public were also arrested as part of the operation .
i think that is a continuation of the morrissee quote - not from harshaw .
a spokesman said mr o 'toole 's role " will be advertised shortly . "
nestle says it will now stop as the dairy board has resumed buying milk .
osama bin laden has re-emerged to issue his first video message in three years .
ellis entered the night leading the league in minutes played at 41.6 per game .
" what i wanted was that my words be heard , " he said .
" we 'll look at artur straight after the game , " he said .
the outbreak in north wales has not been linked with that in the south .
peter was extremely vocal in the house of commons in support of this legislation .
skip the ordinary rice pudding and crème caramel ( actually a crème brûlée ) .
after all , the government wouldn 't have to do what the watchdog recommended .
a final note about the number : the $ 550 million figure was symbolic .
zahavi 's involvement in the proposed takeover of portsmouth is in an advisory role .
sometimes siblings recruit one another in the restaurant business , allowing it to grow .
there was , he says , no control on how many flights people took .
in december , he became chief executive after frederick " fritz " henderson resigned .
for tibetans , the dalai lama is the reincarnation of the previous office holder .
o 'brien : malaak compton-rock is a tireless advocate and fundraiser for these children .
twenty-seven percent of voters identified themselves as catholic , according to national exit polling .
sandi austin : hi brian ... thought i should start by saying great posts !
" person of interest " calls for a delicate balancing act from ms. schwegel .
the most vulnerable country in the gulf is dubai because of its hefty indebtedness .
but she said it was an over-generalisation to say muslims had a victim mentality .
nhs borders recently refurbished a total of four wards in the building near melrose .
" these farmers are in subsistence mode , withdrawing from markets until things stabilize .
he gets hard yards by pounding through blocks , dragging tacklers and taking hits .
on these grounds alone , she 's the one you need to talk to .
the trial of the remaining five men is due to begin on january 15 .
the story so far : in 1977 david frost 's career is in crisis .
gerwyn was wearing cargo camouflage trousers , a blue t-shirt and a red sweater .
this year both brides are the daughters of my neighbour the headhunter 's wife .
aig sparked outrage across the us as news of its management bonus plans emerged .
" it pushes forward what phones are capable of today , " chou said .
pakistani authorities say tribal elders were close to finalizing the peace pact with mehsud .
poet pam ayres is backing the campaign and has put on a charity performance .
natural gas prices fell 5.8 cents to $ 8.473 per million british thermal units .
it was very painful to leave everything -- but we had no choice . "
their second venue , smogshoppe , is a former smog-check station in culver city .
these credit card readers can be purchased for as little as $ 30.00 online .
muslims have an obligation to trim moustaches and allow their beards to grow long .
after asia stocks tumble , europe 's markets have opened down around 3 % .
instead the message should be presented " more intelligently , " he will say .
lesley whipped on a gown and gloves and ran to catch up with him .
creating refuges for them and controlling their numbers is the practical , humane solution .
i knew i would survive because i can act well , " he said .
john howard , later to become prime minister , urged him to enter politics .
potters said the changes were made necessary by citing continuing drops in mail volume .
the review said the sale concluded under the previous government was unconstitutional and illegal .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of timothy p. o 'neill .
the ads appeared to be designed to manipulate the value of thinly traded stocks .
north stradbroke island is located just off brisbane , the capital of queensland state .
gray said the council is still trying to determine the scope of its oversight .
burnett was down for several minutes before getting up and walking off the field .
stock exchange ( nyse ) and the dubai international financial exchange ( difx ) .
then , these desolate , salt-soaked shores were loved or visited by almost nobody .
damage control can 't extend only to 24-hour news channels , dailies and weeklies .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva dozes off and falls into the sea .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas will meet rice in the occupied west bank on monday .
nyc environmental officials plan to release captured manhattan coyote somewhere else in the five ...
golden state also avoided its first three-game losing streak since beginning the season 0-6 .
now we know where not to look and can move on to other areas .
and my kid could have just gotten it the worst , " he said .
nowitzki did not comment on the arrest or his alleged use of an investigator .
muslim groups in the alpine republic have condemned the vote as biased and anti-islamic .
that means 16 u.s. service members have died in iraq so far this month .
the dow fell to 6,763 , its first close below 7,000 since may 1997 .
al-zaidi hadn 't intended to hurt the president ; he meant to demean him .
while cedar rapids is submerged in water , water usage is a big concern .
associated press writer shinwoo kang in seoul , south korea contributed to this report .
most schools hope for compromise over less conspicuous symbols , such as the kara .
the tory party wants to eradicate the plague of reading failure in our schools .
if wales are to achieve back-to-back wins , much will depend upon james hook .
george later added a huge , rather ugly , conservatory that encased the front .
davis ' body was found june 23 about 20 miles away from her home .
an indictment is a formal accusation of criminal conduct , not evidence of guilt .
depopulation will be the problem for an increasing number of countries , going forward .
newrusty : i can be very snarky and i understand your responses to me .
and now you know one of the answers on our weekly newsquiz at cnnstudentnews.com !
pakistan 's madrassa network has long been accused of fueling extremism in the region .
still , mr. boehner , friends say , is enthusiastic about his new role .
" i woke up at seven and i saw aleesha was covered in bruises .
weir got it done on a warm , blustery day at grayhawk golf club .
a leading expert on the detection of performance-enchancing drugs answers more readers ' questions .
" but i wouldn 't leave this area now if i had to . "
the older organization gives away an average of a measly $ 14,000 a year .
the attacks--and their targeting of the united nations--drew international condemnation .
dublin ( ap ) - he was an american politician but an irish hero .
shares have traded between $ 20.94 and $ 45.50 over the past 52 weeks .
when it comes to abortion , there are no easy answers or perfect solutions .
the automaker is also considering adding a mid-size pickup to its ram truck lineup .
will anyone want it to buy it or is the bebo brand beyond repair ?
major u.s. lakes shrank ; atlanta had to worry about its drinking water supply .
mobile 's mayor says other companies had as much right as boeing to bid .
robert spence , of burghfield common , berkshire , died in hospital on friday .
analysts say this happened because sunni militants increasingly came into conflict with the government .
some police and city officials agreed with tamacho that the arrest was a mistake .
the jump , which beat market forecasts , was attributed to falling petrol prices .
dow jones industrial average futures rose 5.00 , or 0.04 percent , to 10,865 .
the administration has backed a proposal to allow bankruptcy judges to modify troubled mortgages .
the 1996-2001 taliban regime barred afghan women from all public activities , including school .
it carries official cuban news and culture to the world 24 hours a day .
in the ensuing round french was beaten in his match-up with frenchman francois pervis .
hizbul-islam , a home-grown islamic movement , has been more moderate in its rulings .
ahmadinejad draws most of his support from rural areas and poorer big city neighborhoods .
but among experts , pediatric cold medicines have long been infamous as expensive placebos .
the train was damaged but none of the 85 people on board were injured .
are the police as unreasonable as the principal and should they really be armed ?
a deal needed to be reached quickly to protect the business from collapsing entirely .
attend to your addiction in the pouring rain and freezing cold if you must .
no fee , charge fees , no fees if you don 't claim loans .
" they want to check with the u.n. whether i have immunity from prosecution .
it is no surprise that mr gyurcsany 's approval rating is barely 18 % .
emerging market growth is expected to be particularly robust , expected in the high-teens .
but some themes of what a compromise could look like are starting to emerge .
president clinton nominated him to serve as ambassador to the united nations in 1997 .
stranger still was that justin hicks the club pro came out to watch him .
pedro martinez has caught the attention of los angeles dodgers general manager ned colletti .
and the museum should be ashamed of the dominance of white male artists here .
dumanis said thursday there was no proof of contamination but offered no other explanation .
zhang shurui , an 11-year-old student , said peking opera was not for everyone .
but the banks alone were not to blame for the melt-down , he added .
" it allows for very little in the way of real beauty or craftsmanship .
meryl davis and charlie white of the united states won gold in ice dancing .
some experts said who 's funding appeal went beyond the boundaries of its mandate .
notes : @ the 10 runs allowed by pettitte matched a career high . ...
harry smith spoke with senior fellow for defense policy stephen biddle about the report .
then there are the councillors , executives and bureaucrats that make up local government .
some of the banks have grown so big that they outrank the national economy .
we had a lot of fun times in classes making fun of the teachers .
after strolling out of the rectory , beckenstein said the voting process was easy .
katie couric catches up with a boy we met shortly after the quake hit .
standing up , put your hands behind your head like you 're doing sit-ups .
her novel , " the dissident , " was published in paperback this month .
but the poll did not specify which " social issues " respondents should consider .
concerns have also been raised that the problem could be electrical rather than mechanical .
the national union of students accused politicians of a " conspiracy of silence . "
the funding has come from the south central strategic health authority 's challenge fund .
in federal court , however , the administration 's lawyers have been more ambiguous .
initially , subjects entered a room together and participated in a random coin toss .
barca president joan laporta also believes chelsea were happy to play for a draw .
they 're not professionals , but then nor are the majority of their customers .
q a shareholder who was a board member in my co-op sold her apartment .
cities due to elect mayors included novosibirsk in siberia and chelyabinsk in the urals .
separatists in abkhazia , incorporated in georgia , were demanding their own soviet republic .
paris prosecutor jean-claude marin has already advised that the charges be dropped as groundless .
running this country like mike and carol brady is not going to protect us .
most of the unit 's barracks sustained so much damage as to be uninhabitable .
how to use your natural talents to help build strong professional and personal networks .
the bbc reported singh had originally been sentenced to death for spying in 1973 .
at the end of the maneuver , he 's told to do it again .
slovakia drew 2-2 with neighboring czech republic to stay top of tightly-contested group 3 .
sarkozy also suggested that france could cede one of its two seats to spain .
silverpopã ‚ â ® is working hard to help its clients strengthen their campaigns .
turn the dial if you don 't like him or what he stands for .
the assembly government will have the final say because of concerns over traffic congestion .
the court decision in favor of the bondholders was unexpected by lawyers and analysts .
at stake is $ 1.26 million , not a 17-inch gold trophy to share .
he was a long way from washington , talking about his kids to kids .
complete genetic privacy , however , was unlikely to be possible , he added .
but the bank is still struggling to gauge the real impact of its work .
democrats are still smarting from scott brown 's upset victory in massachusetts last week .
should it rule the law unconstitutional , the trials against mr berlusconi would resume .
the military says an estimated 26 afghan civilians died in the may 4 incident .
" this opencast mine will come within 36m of houses , " she said .
clement responded , " and maybe your perspective 's changed , your honor . "
he runs a trout fishery , is an enthusiastic handyman and loves his shed .
the foreign secretary also acts as the government 's representative at the united nations .
unhcr officials say 309 either drowned in capsized boats or were killed by smugglers .
its chief executive , craig barratt , will remain with the san jose company .
( ap ) -- the party was held down the hall from the morgue .
" look at major documents and the implications are very large and generous . "
i thought this was a news website not a state the blooming obvious website .
llc has stepped up to offer a platform for outsourcing legal research and writing .
simkins 's light-hearted account is aimed more at the tourist than the serious francophile .
one can only conclude that equality of opportunity is an inadequate and incoherent approach .
pictured is a miniature sculpture of the us president barack obama and his family .
he was buried in a family plot in woodlawn , but without a stone .
nor am i suggesting that asian adoptees should not have a unique support system .
there 's a clear environmental issue with the rise of " lazy food . "
still law schools like miami 's may be one of the best untapped sources .
this armchair pundit predicts a bruising encounter , with the americans grabbing the points .
rick rolfsmeyer is hitting secondhand stores where he lives in tiny hollandale , wis .
how can kevin and jodi sit there and say the kids are being exploited ?
firefighters were hampered by flames that moved rapidly up a stairwell , carolan said .
everything was clean and green , as if prepared for a merchant ivory film .
i might need the booze to act as anesthesia for a backcountry amputation . )
ap technology writer michael liedtke contributed to this report from menlo park , calif .
the politician would be pillaried as insensitive , elitist , pessimistic , and worse .
it is easy to see why the reticent elderly trusted her with their secrets .
the wto ruling could potentially affect how foreign video game companies operate in china .
when i hear of new school buildings in inner-city areas i think : great .
" the details of the procedure are quite elaborate , " he tells me .
a police spokesman said no further details were available as the investigation was ongoing .
the solicitors believe it is the first time such an application has been launched .
the difference being : she won gold , whereas we would end up skint .
that has raised fears of flooding , with the water already blocking one road .
rates on one-year arms fell to an average of 3.74 percent from 3.75 percent .
she has already served 84 minutes in jail as part of the plea deal .
responsibilities that include guarding the queen 's crown jewels , and answering tourist questions .
roth 's art provides a false sense of security in what he is describing .
some , such as the huffington post , have become fully fledged news organisations .
gov. arnold schwarzenegger is likely to sign the budget once it is approved .
the high line , new york city the high line , new york city .
i don 't see anything about the workers being tied off to the structure .
he asked not to be named as his wife and children remain in yangon .
despite the poor summer weather , fleming 's suave spy is proving very popular .
two students were rushed by helicopter to the portneuf regional medical center in pocatello .
mr veltroni began his political career as a communist youth activist in the 1970s .
he was brought to court in northeast london earlier friday for an administrative hearing .
but there is one massive flaw in the plan , according to leading ecologists .
those without the gene gradually lose sight until they are blind in early adulthood .
teams giving away lots of penalties tend to get players sent to the bin .
talk show host michael savage - real name michael weiner - is also excluded .
he has 71 wins since turning 40 , compared to 64 during his 20s .
airfares from new york are currently running about $ 500 to $ 650 roundtrip .
each was charged with one count of dismembering a human body , a felony .
iran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes such as power generation .
mr. higgins stated his plans in a letter to the group sent last week .
last week , a gunman killed eight people in a north carolina nursing home .
this would save trees and fuel , and reduce the burden on our landfills .
knowing this boundary is crucial for understanding how matter behaves under extraordinarily high density .
you gotta try lots of different ones until you find the right shape .
i got sick once more -- vomiting nothing but fresh , bright red blood .
i 'd list them here but i don 't want to give them away .
when you upgrade from dial-up to dsl or cable internet , it cost more .
there is more riding on this nomination than the candidate who runs for president .
but they turned us down ; they said they didn 't have enough funding .
a typical 113 square metre one-bedder with a large terrace will cost € 550,0000 .
more than 20,000 people usually attend the annual summer solstice celebrations at the site .
my husband and i are now looking forward to saving for an early retirement .
in the united states , pedestrians make up 11 percent of all vehicle-crash fatalities .
government-backed health care is " the best compromise possible , " egberto willies said .
in the event , mrs clinton appears to have made little headway on iran .
est ) , was heard by residents on the edge of the lebanese capital .
the loss to the 49ers will only affect the bucs if they allow it .
ferguson picked ronaldo at centre-forward in part because the portuguese is no ordinary winger .
if this sounds challenging , other parts of the programme allow for human frailty .
that 's because it 's the only one shown to prevent cancer so far .
some of the border upgrades are similar to ones adopted by the united states .
however , last night word broke of the cftc 's probe of the uso .
" these are the hardest decisions , the hardest decisions a governor must make .
the grizzly swatted morris , its claw stabbing a 2-inch hole into his shoulder .
last thursday , arrington wore designer jeans , work boots and a bright mood .
the difficult task of seeing off that threat was given to the royal navy .
could del toro have overcome russell crowe , who won for " gladiator " ?
i waited the usual fortnight , filled with despondency that it would never work .
holder then brought in a team of investigators to look into the stevens case .
thus the bbc season , which continues this week , makes a brave leap .
ian francis scored 14 points to lead alcorn state ( 1-25 , 1-12 ) .
america is distracted by its own financial crisis and an impending change of administration .
in short , participation in the scheme could be quite painful for the bank .
a former winner of the golden stallion is back this year for another try .
recent finds include a nose ring and an anklet of jangling circular metal pieces .
mr wowereit declined the bbc 's request for an interview to explain his reasoning .
more than we realize , we descend from a founding moment that was evangelical .
for now , though , contactless is at a crossroads , if you will .
blige will join simon cowell , randy jackson and kara dioguardi on the panel .
most found it difficult to keep the car below 30mph in an urban setting .
mr robb is concerned at the way many of the dogs are being reared .
the bank says that is why it took three days to close the positions .
many chinese i have spoken to have asked : how can we keep this ?
then cabrera struck out when he swung at and missed an 82 mph changeup .
it also suggests setting up a special " madoff unit " to process claims .
in 2006-2007 alone the number of billionaires in britain grew from 54 to 68 .
the girl was already out of the water by the time emergency crews arrived .
bint promised one woman a caribbean holiday before becoming jealous of a love rival .
every day , more sores appeared , purple bruises the size of hockey pucks .
newark -- there was still the familiar gap-toothed grin , the same garrulous demeanor .
" sleep problems have seemed to increase in line with these current financial worries .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.30 gmt on sunday 9 january 2011 .
" the point of this case is to save other children from this fate .
but many of its soldiers drift in and out of town to visit relatives .
investigators have several audits open for security contracts which will be complete next year .
it has confirmed it is now considering the possibility of selling the 15-acre site .
the event is the brainchild of the former women 's world champion susan polgar .
climbing to the president 's chair , webb took the gavel and banged it .
natural gas for april delivery was steady at $ 3.86 per 1,000 cubic feet .
it said it would pay tribute to the soldier in some other way instead .
it is the fifth sex allegation at the school in the past four years .
mueller 's husband , charlie sheen , visited his wife in icu thursday morning .
there are only four years a century when you can play this little game .
former sen. mike gravel of alaska is at less than 0.5 of 1 percent .
with screen on the green canceled , this will be the rite of summer .
gb 's women face finland in a two-leg european championships pre-qualifying fixture this week .
not all citizens are physically able to confront a violent attacker , maloney said .
i 'm completely determined to show everyone that young parents can achieve and succeed .
" i swear to you i was not the leak , " he said .
the forces had gained significant tactical control and were threatening india 's traditional positions .
he absorbed the brunt of a dwyane wade drive , and got up hobbling .
the sixth seed says he is " fine " with the underdog 's tag .
acording to most afghans , they are also soldiers fighting to rid the invaders ...
energy and commerce has one of the broadest jurisdictions of any committee in congress .
nicola martinez was last seen at her home in ermin park on thursday evening .
mayne 's cooper union building is his first completed project on the east coast .
paul was averaging a team-leading 20.4 points and an league-high 11.2 assists per game .
you could probably have minutes of fun conjuring up horrid visions of your own .
" i am not george w. bush , " mccain said in one debate .
she eventually admitted the affair but claimed it began after the daughter was born .
depressed neil crampton was a heavy cannabis user who never felt he fitted in .
germany has also sent about 40 instructors to afghanistan to train afghan police officers .
one of the robbers wore a home-made balaclava and was armed with a gun .
the no-frills game between two 6-7 teams will be billed as the coach-vs.-protege game .
in demand : seven hills vineyard in washington state supplies fruit to 35 wineries .
tens of thousands are stranded in other areas , taiwan 's fire service said .
the bromsgrove mp said her brother was sometimes there to look after her son .
chris coste started behind the plate for philadelphia at coors field on saturday night .
this time east ruffed with the seven , and south overruffed with the ten .
a number of factors have combined to push oil on its recent record-breaking run .
as a result , regeneration pushes up house prices and drives out low-income families .
" the relationship is an area that our viewers are very interested in . "
president richard m. nixon issued orders to arrange for a gala white house dinner .
h : ( at the moment ) is ' renaissance ' by ray charles .
property developer barry gilligan is the new chairman of the northern ireland policing board .
luckily , it 's a good time to snag a bargain , experts say .
a fine warrant is issued if someone does not pay a court imposed fine .
let me just say on health care , that was the most evasive answer .
prosecutors said he eventually cheated the investors out of at least $ 20 million .
officers from suffolk police and british transport police will be involved in the operation .
the pre-tax eps in 1h2009 was nt $ 2.12 , up 43.24 % yoy .
us benchmark crude west texas intermediate was trading on thursday at about $ 67 .
i am surprised that only one change has been made to the england team .
the governor said that she had invested in an ipod to accompany her exertions .
that " maintenance of effort " law has already provoked angst around the state .
salmon on a bed of crushed potatoes and pea velouté was light and moist .
the prince will not immediately prepare for war but concentrate on normal regimental duties .
the company will also host a conference call beginning at 10 : 00 a.m.
or have i read this editorial wrong - is the telegraph advocating a coverup ?
lawmakers will also review credentials of cabinet ministers during that period , irna reported .
" these guns are categorically not linked to the uvf , " he said .
in the heat of the financial crisis , risk has become a dirty word .
unions have launched grievances in montreal and vancouver , where the allotment is less .
their fury , however , was misspent ; benign neglect never had a chance .
india 's market climbed 0.7 percent and australia 's benchmark was up 0.3 percent .
oudin will play gabriela paz franco of venezuela , while vandeweghe will face mladenovic .
gracie daniel was laid off in march when her employer of 12 years downsized .
by the way this is mike jones ' first ever game refereeing manchester united .
" another key was to plan long-term and give industry time to adapt . "
it was a costly repair , in the $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 range .
( this is from a homeland security press release , by the way . )
of course , there would be plenty of incentive for governor paterson , too .
there is still time for romania to engineer a soft landing for its economy .
in that respect , kidman and urban have become a huge boon for nashville .
the administrators of the seoul subway system removed a japanese company 's condom advertisements .
the company will have to borrow about £ 7bn to finance the new deal .
experts have warned that a terror attack would prove catastrophic to the surrounding area .
britain ran an empire with 2 thirds less mps than now and no quangos !
younger workers who used to leave will find it worth their while to stay .
he went on to present oldies concerts all over the united states and britain .
season-ticket holders of the four teams said they were contemplating various strategies to cope .
he criticised even his own father for participating in sit-down demonstrations against sinhala abuses .
the government has ordered enough vaccine for the whole population to have two doses .
a third infraction yields a more severe scolding : " you are dangerously tired !
professor murray suggests tourists decide which elements of cathedrals are most interesting to them .
warnings of extreme content had a strong appeal to younger players , they said .
it appointed walter snelling as vice-chairman at a salary of £ 6,000 a year .
getting ms-dos out there was more important than the price of any particular deal .
" it is because of this man that we have got into this situation .
supporters have been asked to turn on lights at the time she went missing .
can 't make it then , or can 't wait to submit your question ?
comparing the figures from the 1971 census with those in 2001 reveals substantial change .
police in novorossiysk said that an internal inquiry had failed to uphold the allegations .
it was the only one they had and the match had to be abandoned .
" you do not really learn much from the tutorial , " she said .
i continue to be amazed by your utter dishonesty i guess we are even .
scoop : will next week be o 'brien 's last on ' tonight ' ?
but delta is selling the trip for $ 1,000 and alitalia for $ 600 .
gic invested $ 9.75 billion in ubs , the swiss bank said in december .
" you need a checklist when you leave : keys , cellphone , wallet .
" your life is determined by your last result , " he tells me .
he is accompanied by the russian cosmonaut yuri malenchenko and american astronaut peggy whitson .
charming skadden arps star who says he works " every hour god gives . "
veterans of the airlift from the u.s. and britain are also expected to attend .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.30 gmt on wednesday 13 january 2010 .
exxon depends on oil and gas production for more than two-thirds of its earnings .
and the reason to inform senior management is that they have the global view .
" we are indeed honoured to have you grace the first commercial flight today .
a backlash on the left could mean lower democratic turnout in the midterm elections .
brian adkins was found dead in his home earlier this month in addis ababa .
they mailed it to their friend libby harvey for safekeeping at her seattle home .
many refused to leave peacefully , army col. thana jaruwat said on national television .
army helicopters have airlifted food supplied by the world food programme to hungry survivors .
a two-bedroom co-op of nearly 1,000 square feet was for sale by the owner .
two people were reported injured in the army operation , but no-one was killed .
plenty of us owe a lot to him - he built us . . .
" my advice to them is don 't do it , " he said .
are you an out of work orchestral musician , computer animator or professional dancer ?
" it was impossible for the lifeboat crew to make it through the mud .
to justify such a thing happening would need the home secretary to authorise it .
the pose made buckley seem " soft from being handed things too easily . "
many developed countries have pandemic preparedness plans that link spending to a who declaration .
cayne was told by his board to do what he could to appease greenberg .
russian president dmitry medvedev has vowed to find those who are behind the killing .
there 's a memorial garden dedicated to him that i walk past every day .
another talented google vp of sales , tim armstrong is now ceo of aol .
" it 's the best way to get good protection , " she said .
john schwartz , a reporter at the times , writes about science and technology .
sprint will be the company 's majority owner , with a 51 % stake .
the astros have won eight of the nine games wolf has started for them .
" i did not anticipate a crisis of this magnitude , " he said .
the party rulebook stipulates a 50 per cent cut in delegates for such violations .
the program includes villa-lobos 's " the little train of the brazilian countryman . "
it seems to be constantly in flux so there 's always more to say .
in what could be the biggest terrorism trial in the united states since sept .
" it was 11 men against 11 boys , " the united defender said .
brenden morrow and mike ribeiro scored late goals for the stars ( 11-7-7 ) .
it is not only men who are a source of concern for antismoking groups .
" it is all there for them to go as high as they want .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.18 gmt on saturday 1 january 2011 .
community worker tommy mccourt said local people had no alternative but to take action .
however , some critics question whether they show any real statistical difference between automakers .
there are 41 companies in the 350 with shares yielding more than 6 % .
gutierrez quoted her sister because church officials slapped a gag order on the nuns .
lets not forget also the thousands of foreign workers earning peanuts in this country .
the victim , from the leamington spa area of warwickshire , was not hurt .
sales of 11.1m ipods was a 3pc increase on the same quarter last year .
the grounds are landscaped with regional plants and shrubs and more than 470 trees .
being able to recreate mouth conditions in the laboratory is useful for food-product researchers .
ms. gray is only the latest of them ; sadly probably not the last .
in the dressing room politics of old trafford , that is the big time .
the senators referred to recent media reports " highlighting a very vocal opposition . "
this is also a large obstacle to the new state 's future eu integration .
" american idol " also needs to make the contestants more compelling for viewers .
her looming debate performance has to have those guys out stocking up on depends .
democratic anchorage mayor mark begich is challenging gop sen. ted stevens for his seat .
the restrictions on bush 's iraq policy are certain to stall in the senate .
mr. torossian said the restaurant did not capture any video surveillance of the fight .
" the royal family is now directly participating in the aggression against muslims . "
bhuwan ribhu has rescued hundreds of child labourers from delhi 's sweatshops and brothels .
notes : crosby has 10 goals and seven assists in his last eight games .
it 's the same way you saw conversions between hedge funds and private equity .
but all the same , the match will have a kind of grisly fascination .
ri gun is the north 's number two negotiator at stalled multilateral atomic talks .
antireflux surgery has been shown to provide long-term improvement and resolution of gerd symptoms .
however , another great plot is building up again , which we are monitoring .
that means that , like most americans , latinos have money on their minds .
but is it a lot of money in the context of national health-care spending ?
i think it would be fabulous if cardiff were to get the 2022 games .
besides attending football practices and games , tom said , andy also goes hunting .
unfortunately , harsanyi offers no criteria for distinguishing sound public management from intrusive micromanagement .
it is not empathy alone he extols , but the way it fosters ethicality .
france 's publicis thinks it can do better but is vague on the details .
kloza said that alon 's business plan has focused on asphalt and diesel production .
" there 's a bit of a mystery around why they were both there .
of course , with this car 's staggering performance the thirst can be frightening .
feldblum clerked for judge frank coffin and for supreme court justice harry a. blackmun .
previously the hottest day was last thursday at heathrow at 28c ( 82.4 ) .
moreover , the city 's historical height restrictions limited the development of towering buildings .
the shares were down 11 cents , or 1.4 percent , at $ 10.55 .
" jace was possibly the hardest-working kid i ever coached , " sparks said .
nbc 's david gregory speaks with mike duhaime , campaign manager for rudy giuliani .
besides mine-resistant vehicles , the additional funds would be used for training and equipment .
in truth , though , the stress-busting joy of our ride had been ruined .
free speech versus equality : is firing juan williams good for democracy ? 2 .
the storm is expected to continue to weaken as it moves over cooler waters .
anchorage , alaska - sarah palin is taking her conservative message to fox news .
already attracting a buzz online , it could be one to watch in 2011 .
he is walking in the garden of heavenly delight , feeding the sacred crocodiles .
the local woman was treated for her injuries at the royal sussex county hospital .
" our improved on-screen performance in 2007 has mitigated the worst effects of crr .
raising rates in the run-up to an election would have been committing electoral suicide .
before long , dr ciampi said , " meteorite hunters started showing up . "
scientists have devised a coating that when scratched heals itself upon exposure to sunlight .
detectives are still trying to find the knife or screwdriver used to kill her .
the presentation at the grand hyatt hotel will begin at 11 : 30 a.m.
of course this would have been very embarrassing to the cheney / rummy cia .
claims jumped unexpectedly the previous two weeks , adding to concerns in the market .
these " underlying issues " can be something as simple as pregnancy or diabetes .
i haven 't said that there are circumstances in which it 's clearly lawful .
john mccain , it is generally agreed , has something of an age problem .
authorities said the wounded included tax department staff and bystanders hit by falling debris .
junior mitch mustain completed 10 of 16 passes for 108 yards against the reserves .
' valentine ' , at 5ft , has lovely pale-yellow flowers with black centres .
lexcycle said that more than one million users downloaded stanza between mid-july and dec .
some wonder whether the potential audience for local sports will ever be big enough .
" we should remember that lewis has only been in f1 for fifteen months .
" british foreign secretary " - it sounds almost old-fashioned , doesn 't it ?
insp terry furlong apologised for any inconvenience caused to motorists by the lane closure .
by pooling resources with two other groups , there emerged the eight-piece pied pipers .
so , what significant new model introductions are detroit 's big three showcasing here ?
the winning thunderball numbers were 3 , 7 , 9 , 24 and 29 .
habitat affiliates -- having helped to fund one out of every four homes built .
2 , with a display of colorful altars , a procession and a concert .
rahman is currently a medical student at thomas jefferson university in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
his family were given documents that put the normal survival rate at 50 % .
police responded to the boy 's home minutes after neighbors called in the evening .
in l.a. theater productions everybody would rather be on tv or the big screen .
it is understood he will , for the moment , not touch the money .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.41 gmt on tuesday 23 february 2010 .
the tibetan leader again said he is not against china hosting the olympic games .
officers in warwickshire have been working with spanish police investigating mrs heard 's disappearance .
finance was underwritten by a consortium including bnp paribas and royal bank of scotland .
an alliance with them would secure him a working majority in the 240-seat parliament .
he said obama merely was trying to underscore the grass-roots nature of his fundraising .
pain says iran is just one of many countries that deploy such filtering software .
the filmmaker uses will and tony to stand in for the rest of us .
each carries a special circumstance charge that makes alcala subject to the death penalty .
anisimov had only 4 : 16 of ice time in the first two periods .
if the coach was trying to send a message to jones , it worked .
dr. rittié stressed that rodent stem cells and human stem cells behave very differently .
trying mass murderers in a criminal court is not " soft on terrorism . "
he started out trading cotton and founded the tudor investment corporation 30 years ago .
we are having a hard time keeping up with consumer demand and export demand .
jean paul gaultier 's " men in skirts " opened the door to feminization .
these diy killing machines are ever present in the street battles between somali gunmen .
state campsites book up months ahead , especially for summer , so reserve early .
mr rendell said he was getting " a little nervous " about the state .
the stones make equally expressive use of movement -- now simian , now dancelike .
he spent seven months raising £ 80,000 ( $ 127,000 , € 86,000 ) .
the cracklings respond especially well if the corn bread is toasted the next day .
" we do have the responsibility to maintain a safe , high-quality transportation system .
israel says all crossings into gaza will remain shut until militants halt their fire .
the " hope " image has appeared on countless posters , stickers and buttons .
ten years ago , bonds was only a blip on bud 's radar screen .
and that 's not just because he 's the best-financed candidate in the field .
" it 's a symbolic gesture of the priority assigned to an issue . "
the most pressing questions now : who else knew of loughner 's mental illness ?
congressional committees had concerns about civil liberties , cost and complexity , officials said .
both use electronics , and mazzoli 's includes gorgeous sampled vocals by gabriel kahane .
andrea rane of columbia , missouri , refuses to play anything but old-school games .
jp morgan also tweaked its price target on barclays , from 114p to 115p .
natural gas for december delivery was steady at $ 4.34 per 1,000 cubic feet .
" reverend smith is a wonderful vicar who is very well-liked by the congregation .
the council spends most of its money on public schools , libraries and parks .
she represents an associate director in latin america for the wcs global health program .
those numbers have declined to 73,000 today from more than 200,000 10 years ago .
the first thing is to encourage business to mind its " forest footprint . "
please , please ... stop with the ( mind-bendingly ) boring , self-important lectures .
platinum for april delivery climbed $ 5.70 to settle at $ 1,569.40 an ounce .
" this is not a knee-jerk reaction because we have tried all other measures .
especially when i haven 't played for three weeks , since the premiership semi-final .
women , who do most of the shopping , were more concerned than men .
i have many fond memories of my years of the seventies espically the music .
" i was not aware of it before it happened , " he said .
" it was a very scratchy match from my side , " sharapova said .
" i 'm out there trying to do my job the best i can .
" are you the original members of straight no chaser ? " she asked .
studied fine art in chicago and new york before spending three years in mexico .
the former bolingbrook sergeant finally understood the seriousness of his situation , glasgow said .
the project changing scenes was developed by the highland employer coalition and learndirect scotland .
he was followed by kurt busch , roush driver david ragan and robby gordon .
jones said he could not explain why no beagle had won westminster before uno .
it is a shame that the courts have overturned a reasonable and responsible policy .
revenue increased 4 % in the quarter with organic revenue growth of 2 % .
mauger 's battle with saints outside centre jon clarke will be a fascinating one .
but he neglected to mention one aspect of the restaurant that i found frustrating .
i think caan 's next scheme should be to speed up the home-buying process .
the obama administration is asking people to be patient for the stimulus to work .
critics say the government is seeking to silence dissent and muzzle freedom of speech .
as far as i 'm concerned , that would be something to shriek about .
more than 8 in 10 voters said they disapprove of the war in iraq .
during the primaries he assailed john mccain as a phony conservative and apostate reaganite .
" have you met chris smith , our culture secretary , ma 'am ? "
instead , he stayed active with stage appearances and dozens of tv guest appearances .
we learned about this today and are investigating it as a matter of urgency .
recommendations include transferring specialist services provided at johnstone hospital to a more modern facility .
in a community like yours , people have shaped their lives around this industry .
belittling the customer representative is not going to make them more disposed to help .
i 'm envy those who have a dsl and do not depend on tw .
despite cyberpunk 's prescience sterling does not want to cast himself as a prophet .
cardinal roger mahony sent condolences , calling his death " a terrible tragedy . "
sulzberger shrewdly reasoned that safire would add bite to his paper 's political coverage .
new amusing and thrilling inventions have been made in the field of computer gaming .
in new york , a new state fire code that took effect on jan .
the family said a memorial will be held later this year in santa fe .
the study also found that 61 percent of the children suffer from stunted growth .
but the rain sodden interlagos track was to have the final say in proceedings .
however , davydenko only faced one such situation in the first and third sets .
don 't let autism stop your family from enjoying a fun , safe vacation .
their own crops are damaged and their sheep and cattle frequently attacked and killed .
the dating culture did not truly establish itself here until the 1980s consumer revolution .
in 1999 , scotland fans travelled to bosnia herzegovina for a euro 2000 tie .
it was only last week that dangerfield was threatening to knock someones teeth out !
hubble then steers the ferry to port and then starboard to avoid the yacht .
is it because financial journalists really don 't understand the nuances of their beats ?
now , our knowledge of java doesn 't amount to a hill of beans .
that included a $ 247 million hit after its leveraged loans dropped in value .
powerful stint at coalface and in defence ; two blips in otherwise good lineout .
one thing it still famously does , though , is talk frankly about sex ...
i think girls can be quite hard on themselves and also to each other .
in the study , all of the patients received counseling on nutrition and exercise .
christians now rule ( spain ) and we must wrest it back from them .
an additional 421 banks moved past that level , for a total of 2,692 .
the house , meanwhile , has shown even more appetite for cutting the program .
increasing numbers of borrowers are encountering difficulties with their mortgage payments as bills soar .
the other three are hammad amin sadiq , mazhar iqbal and shahid jamil riaz .
when you lower tax rates , you get more actual dollars into the treasury .
police said they believe all procedures were followed by school officials in the incident .
every single one of your employees has to get with the program on this .
god is a concept of the human mind , a wonder created by evolution .
despite the hazards , the trend for super-high heels shows no sign of abating .
more than 1,300 deputies worked at least 600 hours ' overtime in the year .
rochdale 's mayor keith swift earlier hosted a town hall reception for the troops .
the dependence on external funding , although bitterly resented , seems to be unavoidable .
but the answer to getting long-term growth is not simply one of increasing spending .
that 's how i will always remember them , assuming someday they 're gone .
he rose to executive director before leaving , with evident relief , in 2006 .
laying out the template of bank rescues is harder , but no less important .
" this is how he justified all his immoral activity , " she said .
thatʼs up from 39 percent in early 2003 and 69 percent a year ago .
tickets are on sale this sunday but queues have formed outside the ticket outlet .
this amounts to a new kind of commercial exchange , " she will say .
in april new traffic lights were also installed cutting it to a single lane .
" we are anxious to keep our tribal customs alive , " he said .
mission managers sent their last instructions to phoenix around noon eastern time on sunday .
if that happens , mps conclude , no-one will want to be an apprentice .
" i can just keep telling people i am clean , " he said .
combine all the ingredients in a jug , then pour into glasses over ice .
at sonkovo we cheered ourselves up with a shot of vodka in a bar .
sad but true : the business of navel-gazing just got a whole lot tougher .
when liddy opened the floor to questions , kathy ryan stepped to the microphone .
but that rear leaf-spring suspension will bounce you like a truck on rough roads .
it is the sixth reported rocket strike since the took effect on 19 june .
in this , i was often helped by vegetation patterns , " he said .
digital filters : oh mum , you 've cut out all the good bits !
we 'll either have an extremely convivial discussion , or emerge with black eyes .
although the outer leaves look unsightly , the damage will not injure the plant .
lunchtime deal £ 12 for two courses ( à la carte much dearer ) .
the cuts are in addition to a systemwide capacity decrease announced late last year .
" i 'm troubled that they would let someone like that just walk away .
mccain secured the endorsements of the boston globe and the boston herald last month .
the contest has already been less than a shining example of democracy at work .
stanley ford , 70 , his supervisor , is accused of approving his work .
a television advertisement for the computer game stranglehold has been banned for glorifying violence .
education secretary fiona hyslop said : " education is a fundamental right for children .
" whether he actually went fishing or not , how am i to know ?
wojtek fibak was the last pole in a final , at basel in 1983 .
wales staged a remarkable fightback to inflict torture on scotland at the millennium stadium .
boston played its fifth straight game and 18th of 22 without forward kevin garnett .
however , a government plan aims to turn the kampong into schools and housing .
she received several bruises , swollen lips , gash to her neck and scratches .
his robots have blown up and he 's lost communication to call for backup .
it says the u.s. and iraq are not doing enough to stop cross-border attacks .
but i an not fossilized , and i do believe in going down fighting .
we 've got it all here : teleporting , thinking robots , space elevators .
uncapped hooker sean cronin and flanker sean o 'brien are named on the bench .
gemini ( may 21-june 20 ) : you are feeling a bit arrogant today .
the victim later finds the box was never ordered and is full of newspaper .
the survey found general agreement between couples about the acceptability of certain online behaviours .
the firm has cut 1,900 jobs this year in a move to cut costs .
more likely is an extension of peugeot 's existing partnerships with bmw or mitsubishi .
she tormented the russian with her powerful ground strokes and speed around the court .
he looks toward a world with no borders , no countries , one religion .
now , though , american apparel 's ads are more sexually suggestive than political .
it was especially sweet for billups , who was born and raised in denver .
kobe bryant discusses his 25 point night and team usa 's win against australia .
what we saw in thursday night 's debate were two competing strains of populism .
high-risk patients also received the chemotherapy drug , docetaxol , followed by hormone therapy .
but reports have grown of starvation and casualties among tens of thousands of civilians .
she has said she refuses to be intimidated by the attempt on her life .
i felt something similar when i was involved doing some coaching over at leicester .
i just don 't understand why they should put our workers livelihoods at stake .
charles keller , castor 's lawyer , has said he will appeal her conviction .
kudlow , the band 's drummer , adds : " the music lasts forever .
an ofac spokesman said he could not name applicants or comment on specific applications .
there are two things you need to know before going on a riding safari .
the document does not however name the multinationals or specific african countries or leaders .
apple has now sold more than 110 million ipods since they debuted in 2001 .
the first base agency in dumfries specialises in supporting people affected by drug addictions .
wait a minute , why isn 't john edwards the person he is endorsing ?
mike dunleavy scored 34 points , and host indiana snapped a three-game losing streak .
the home office has proposed plans for a six and 12 year time limit .
carlile shows him a pair of 10-carat , $ 1.8 million diamond drop earrings .
late local news shows following leno on nbc affiliates dropped sharply in the ratings .
the glider led officials to carr 's dock sunday and they reclaimed the equipment .
the u.s. has an additional 12,000 to 13,000 troops there involved in counterterrorism operations .
he wanted to get back in , but not to pursue the scoring record .
the khobar towers was one big bush screwup even though clinton was the president .
it is like a dream , i felt sick when the numbers came up .
the markets are so incredible , and to me , the food looks amazing .
he said : " there is one animal which has been tested and retested .
it required a substantial amount of adaptation to the way life works in 2009 .
four italian soldiers were also wounded , said italian defense minister ignazio la russa .
the lawsuit claims violations of the first amendment and the federal equal access act .
kenny perry watches his tee shot on the 17th hole during the first round .
the bcs is good at identifing the better teams just awful at sorting them .
fewer than 100 men who have received the medal of honor are alive today .
stanford university , in a new comprehensive study , has tried to find out .
south korea 's market led the region 's losses with a 2 percent decline .
shortly after 9 p.m. , gaeta returned to his truck and started it up .
hill said his north korea visit will focus on settling the disagreement over verification .
but the state goes to great lengths to ensure that they are treated distinctly .
jpmorgan shares closed at $ 35.94 on the new york stock exchange on wednesday .
the years went by and ronnie milked his celebrity for all it was worth .
around them swarms the city , with its images of glory faded and destroyed .
years of being subjected to them while i covered the bosnian war did that .
if i 'm working in the city i love to be in the countryside .
that means neat and clean , nothing tight , nothing fancy . " ) .
but he reiterated the government 's resistance to having those talks mediated by outsiders .
president barack obama was briefed on the shootings , according to spokesman robert gibbs .
an option is to add a teaspoonful of rose water for extra exotic flavour .
his position as the cfo of tefron in favor of a new management position .
not tom pearson and zach morris , who have made several well-regarded site-specific works .
the poll 's headline index of confidence is tipped to fall to minus 25 .
what do you make of that large group that doesn 't vote at all ?
the agency 's maintenance of the roads that day attracted criticism from local businessmen .
but what would be unique about us is that we did it knowingly . "
he repeatedly referred to himself as " a footsoldier in the reagan revolution . "
marcel goc , martin erat , dan hamhuis and cody franson scored for nashville .
i have spent many years living in australia but am now back in the ...
in the meantime , perez drives exclusively for the los angeles harbor grain terminal .
we read of the horrific mass tribal stabbing at victoria and we hardly react .
" i never told scott brown that i want him to leave the club .
the only sombre note was provided by danny cipriani 's withdrawal in some discomfort .
cuban is skipping game 5 to be at an awards ceremony in las vegas .
elizabeth colton , spokeswoman for the u.s. embassy in islamabad , confirmed the meetings .
the job losses could be announced next tuesday when it reports its first-quarter results .
last year 's no. 1 billionaire is under arrest for alleged financial irregularities .
the police officer allegedly attacked by the pair was taken to hospital for treatment .
demand for their horns is still high in countries such as china and vietnam .
a consistent set of rules means that the city will not be adversely affected .
eventually case information will be able to be sent to courts electronically by police .
but the visitors managed to fashion an undeserved equaliser moments before the half-time whistle .
in a secretive , paranoid regime like the north 's , that 's unacceptable .
prosecution lawyers claim it was led by the girl 's boyfriend , danny mclean .
the total bill after 35 per cent goodwill from seat uk was £ 1,003.75 .
nonetheless , budget living was shut down in 2006 because of weak advertising sales .
grady 's dialysis clinic provides care to the poor and uninsured regardless of citizenship .
look out for " i hate shale " bumper stickers in rotterdam and osaka .
january 11 , 2008 , and itex undertakes no duty to update this information .
if true , that means that servers are being hit by a double whammy .
witnesses described the two aircraft plummeting into the river between manhattan and new jersey .
gsk said talks were under way with governments around the world over further supplies .
he has also said if he is indicted he would step down from office .
today : diving with crocodiles , milking buffalos , and petting bush 's dog .
" the election commission is completely subservient to the government , " khosa said .
bbc scotland 's social affairs reporter fiona walker looks at how attitudes have changed .
howard has managed to maintain himself as a player throughout , not a commodity .
it seems to believe that its tibet problem will be solved with his passing .
think about it : can you depend any more on written accounts of reality ?
" we were not too worried because we had our ( head ) lights .
newer drug combinations that have come out in recent years have fewer side effects .
a lancashire fire service spokesman said his death highlighted the need for smoke detectors .
sometimes you wonder what people were thinking when they made the choices they did .
he declined to say how that could be done with the group shut down .
it is also shocking in its utter drabness , given the immediately recognizable subject .
virginia romo was pregnant with her sixth child when she caught the swine flu .
victory over spain in gothenburg today would ensure qualification for next week 's semi-final .
never use lighted candles on or near the tree , wreaths or any evergreens .
boyd has sought a reduction of his $ 300,000 bond at wednesday 's hearing .
capello has certainly done that , but lampard insists that he is no tyrant .
he left school at 11 and worked as a bricklayer before meeting fidel castro .
if they have to tell you they are for change , they are not .
like almost everyone else in the game , murray hits a hard two-handed backhand .
they have come in since a recruitment drive was started nearly a decade back .
their economy is in dire straits and would collapse with sanctions brought against it .
dr robert nussbaum heads the division of medical genetics at the university of california .
the firm employs 800 people at two locations in the waterside and cityside areas .
they want to know the reality of the world and to deal with it .
the national electoral court is expected to release official results in the coming days .
boston 's 24-year-old second baseman is listed at 5 feet 9 and 180 pounds .
the group also plans to survey the shoreline to determine how it has eroded .
canadian authorities launched a massive border search using helicopters , ground police and dogs .
fortunately none of the 152 members of the crew or passengers were seriously injured .
when forced to choose , the supreme court has essentially sided with free speech .
altogether , the campaign has raised more than $ 300 million in small donations .
national geographic beat field & stream to the punch , launching menswear in 2005 .
on our own , it 's quite difficult for us to do that . "
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.30 gmt on wednesday 10 february 2010 .
mr malcolmson said that some men showed signs of radiation sickness while on board .
the fifth candidate is andrei bogdanov , the leader of the small democratic party .
" i was about six years old at the time , " he said .
loved your groucho marx shows and b. davis and k. hepburn and b. fisher .
in this , press club summarizes the best of san francisco 's wine scene .
both wright and blanchett will remain attached to the project for the foreseeable future .
rodríguez batted .281 last season with 11 home runs and 63 runs batted in .
i also need my wife to give me a push-start out of the drive .
yao ming scored 15 and equaled his high of the season with six assists .
" i recognize and accept the results of these elections , " he said .
all locations shine with on-site workout facilities ( a rarity in urban hotels ) .
" that is down to even 10 nanometres ( billionths of a metre ) .
then i remember that i never wanted a career , and i feel better .
then from the other hand , they are saying ' sanctions are coming ' .
the police in londonderry have stepped up the number of patrols in the city .
the 14-year-old teen was charged with bias and intimidation after store employees called police .
one of her students recommended she try freediving , given her breathing control skills .
her death comes less than a month after the death of her husband jack .
outsiders can help with money and technology , and many are lining up already .
earlier this year they won the 50-over world cup and currently hold the ashes .
they move to new york , san francisco , portland , or even austin .
chair of the trustees , margaret vinton called the tax bill " shameful . "
a 2008 congressional research report confirmed that burrowing normally occurs during a presidential transition .
yamaha plans to begin shipments in september 2009 to europe and the united states .
fair is fair , you are either a religion or a political pressure group .
sometimes they talk issues , usually a bit about the state of the race .
he was world famous for defeating the soviet union 's boris spassky in 1972 .
but even if he resigns , the path ahead for the nation is unclear .
" mainly in those hard-hit areas there will be light rains during the daytime .
brandis said australia would not boycott the games even if the allegations were proven .
clemson ( 22-6 , 8-6 ) was led by k.c. rivers 17 points .
a garage has said it will cost £ 1,500 to put the problem right .
think of his last three symphonies or the six quartets he dedicated to haydn .
it 's not the original but a copy bought on ebay for $ 79 .
at least 10 deaths in georgia and alabama were blamed on the torrential downpours .
that 's what my new book , the sex diaries , is all about .
demetrius jones started the season opener and transferred to cincinnati after losing the job .
he was a sweet person , and less importantly , an unbelievably talented actor .
hollywood has envisioned jet packs as upside-down fire extinguishers strapped to people 's backs .
other competitors understood to have walked away from the auction include vodafone and bt .
nationwide said it apologised profusely for any inconvenience or confusion that had been caused .
the corruption case against the malburgs has been delayed by a bevy of motions .
the result of a consultation would be published in the next week he said .
simply guess the number of " yea " votes sotomayor will receive for confirmation .
it is the third time overbay has been the al player of the week .
anquan boldin finished with four catches for 22 yards and a touchdown for arizona .
it could be characterised as the first tabloid panic over diversity , claims austin .
yet audiences ' current aversion to such iraq-related films still looms over the project .
two came from his campaign account , urging supporters to contact their state senators .
the first fist pump came on his 8-foot eagle putt at the eighth hole .
in lieu of that , the government planned to unveil its bailout strategies tuesday .
at least you 're less likely to spend money when you 're at home .
but a potential gilmore candidacy is also worsening the split between moderates and conservatives .
the goal of a well-placed bump is to get the ball to your partner .
but it is naïve to think new finds and production techniques will not emerge .
but it is inevitable that the opt-outs will themselves be tested in the courts .
government official syed zaheerul islam said the motive behind the shooting was not clear .
incumbent president ahmadinejad was proclaimed the landslide winner over opposition leader mir hossein mousavi .
visitors walk up a long ramp to get there , about a 10-minute wait .
" both candidates seem to more or less agree over the financial bail-out plan .
the 42-year-old secured 1,450 votes , representing a 59 % share of the turnout .
last season : west ham 0 tottenham 2 , tottenham 1 west ham 0 .
wrap in clingfilm and put in the fridge to rest for a few hours .
they all need to take the blame for the mess they got us into .
the key is that the public both determine the options and select their priorities .
cnn 's mariano castillo , marylynn ryan and nick valencia contributed to this report .
" at the moment they 're only using something of the order of 70,000 .
five-times champion federer has still not lost a set at this year 's wimbledon .
latest figures showed a record number of people hit the shops on boxing day .
it is the best , most peaceful and inspiring bedtime story of the year .
ms davies said the unusual delivery had probably saved the baby sharks ' lives .
" i feel like the program is just kind of an extension of myself .
" people are showing us a lot more attention than we are used to .
so by the time i medicate , it 's often late in the game .
if you 're alive , you 're young enough to hostel anywhere in europe .
place on the middle shelf of the oven for an hour and a half .
the pilots couldn 't see the site -- the fire extinguished in the swamp .
transportation secretary ray lahood argued that such a possibility could not be ruled out .
a blast in southern afghanistan has killed a nato soldier and wounded two others .
with both clothes and film , raab knew a hit when he saw one .
on the republican side , brown is leading businessman and attorney jack e. robinson .
amongst the middle class professionals like myself , he has a lot of goodwill .
that seems to be the mantra for many teen and twentysomething cell phone users .
turnberry , scotland ( ap ) - tom watson still leads the british open .
shapiro says agents discovered the problems and informed immigration officials , according to protocol .
11 , 1966 , he joined james lovell on the four-day gemini 12 flight .
the findings are published online in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
one in ten of our teenage children now has a diagnosable mental health condition .
" it 's an amazing and awesome opportunity to be with all those stars .
services between pelaw and south shields were also halted after lightning caused signalling problems .
excitement , of course , is not a word often associated with chula vista .
their global wandering started a couple of years ago as they hit their mid-fifties .
why is it news that ben bernanke thinks the recession is over ? 7 .
the blast on the outskirts of khost city wounded five people , he said .
absolutely decisive. gxh6 20 qe3 even stronger than 20 nxe5 ne8 21 nxc6 .
1525 marries katharina von bora , a nun he helped escape from a convent .
the shape of the trend of a country 's trade balance following a devaluation .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.55 gmt on thursday 17 december 2009 .
surveys in other states , of course , may well present a different result .
and each jockey individually expressed his excitement at the prospect of riding at ascot .
together , the two maine ports accounted for 120 cruise ship stops last year .
yes , the armed forces may have liked better vehicles , more body armour .
the problem isn 't related to separate recalls involving toyotas with defective gas pedals .
in india , bright young men would do the job for far less money .
when you 're not on boost , it drives like any other v8 car .
are there broader political conclusions to be drawn for the democrats or the republicans ?
when i prompt him about these paternal feelings , he replies with an anecdote .
he reorganized the office , implementing a method known as " vertical prosecution . "
the effect of a polish exodus could be even greater for the agricultural sector .
each of those sons spawned another n.f.l. player roughly in his own mold .
other products and trade names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners .
only the trident submarine base at faslane on the clyde would be booted out .
the three car washes were issued with on-the-spot penalty notices for employing illegal workers .
is it a weakness that he makes mistakes to give everyone else a chance ?
inflation is astronomical , elections have been rigged and the country groans under dictatorship .
" cardiovascular risks have a close link to brain health , " he said .
it was the fourth of six flights mr wilson had planned for the day .
opinions about free trade are far less positive than views about trade in general .
but he wants the public to know that they operate to the highest standards .
gates met with jordanian king abdullah ii in amman after leaving israel on monday .
he says he was told it was his and he could withdraw the money .
duhon is being pursued by several teams in need of a backup point guard .
but if he did not exactly stall , nor were yorkshire enthusiastic about him .
i made the picture in five days , which is unusually fast for me .
i especially want to ensure that no child has to go to bed hungry .
he was taken back to manchester and was being questioned by detectives last night .
as for the rays , it was a magical ride , a history-making ride .
analysts mentioned canada 's open text , microstrategy and fair isaac as potential deals .
their intelligence is so good , they know what we discuss in our homes .
gansler 's critics , however , insist that he intended to circumvent the legislature .
the final decision over whether she will keep her crown will be reached tuesday .
rosario crocetta : i don 't think europe just doesn 't care about me .
israeli election law broadly prohibits political donations of more than a few hundred dollars .
now bruni is france 's first lady and lévy has remarried and moved on .
the average time that elapsed before death , he reported , was 70 minutes .
but the pledge has been dismissed as mere words by the most prominent group .
the idea is to find linkages between the territories , and across asset classes .
the leaders of those countries could be banned from russian soil , he said .
he was taken to hospital after he was found unconscious next to a treadmill .
what 's the best way for u.s. forces to nurture leadership among afghan forces ?
ponikarovsky and nik antropov took penalties in overtime to set up walker 's winner .
pretsch relocated to the pittsburgh suburb of cranberry from new york after the sept .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.55 gmt on friday 22 january 2010 .
no other vehicles are believed to have been involved , thames valley police said .
boyle was also spurned in the categories of best album and best breakthrough act .
a recent decision at a state university shows just how imperiled the humanities are .
librarians have reversed a decision to ban cds thought to encourage violence against homosexuals .
maybe you are too , " mccain said in his weekly radio address saturday .
they are our elders who have paved a road full of sacrifices and suffering .
witnesses said they saw bodies being carried out of what remained of the building .
all members studied were heterosexual , with 75 percent males and 25 percent female .
again , though , it 's a change she says is for the better .
as long as there has been online shopping , there has been cyber monday .
his 440 pounds cause constant knee pain and often force him to use crutches .
with heavy rains pounding the delta , the monk said more deaths were possible .
" dice-k " has resumed workouts in hopes of returning from a shoulder injury .
designed for dog needs , it 's easy to teach them to use it .
is gordon brown planning a rethink on water charges ? the news letter asks .
help medina celebrates eight years of jump n funk this saturday . $ 15 .
naugle is holding a news conference with her attorneys on friday in fort lauderdale .
lately , and without much notice , the supreme court has been gutting them .
" that 's about as diplomatic as i can be , " he said .
gordon brown is also under pressure to make up his mind about troop numbers .
there would be more , but members are limited to 50 photos a month .
" flight of the conchords " -- an obscure -- though cute -- show .
and in europe any ambivalence has long been replaced by fierce demands for withdrawal .
this spring , the agency opened a $ 17 million headquarters building in imperial .
the president 's liberal politics appear at odds with his conservative african traditionalist values .
if you miss a call from work , the sms sent could be different .
huggins will earn about $ 1.5 million per year over the next 10-plus years .
he said he was confident making the case that mccain 's policy is flawed .
these revenue sources are threatened by not only the recession but also technological change .
deak was hospitalized in critical condition but was expected to survive , police said .
and he saw the need to repair the institution of the defense department . "
justice department spokesman dean boyd said they were pleased with the ruling allowing appeal .
shares of cit closed thursday at $ 9.63 on the new york stock exchange .
natural gas prices fell 0.034 cents to $ 4.063 per million british thermal units .
to meet the health care condition , they need the approval of the uaw .
a " carport " right out front houses his smaller plane for quick jaunts .
third , it would avoid a trade war , which would benefit no one .
plans also include the provision of restaurants , cafes a convenience store and kiosk .
four state troopers surrounded mitchell and took him into custody without incident around noon .
obama 's pre-iowa rise was also aided by the organization he has built here .
the jazz never even made the playoffs while they resided in the big easy .
the 1.2bn-euro write-down comes on top of the 4.3bn euros written off last year .
he was captured in pakistan in 2004 and transported to guantanamo two years later .
relatives are also told they can call or e-mail the medical examiners with questions .
the widow of an olympic shot-put medalist has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder .
google executives argued that they were more protected than rivals against choppy economic waters .
police commissioner raymond kelly said investigators were tracing the route searching for body parts .
however , it gained over 43,000 new customers and was upbeat on the future .
i couldn 't imagine having valium plus all of the other drugs in me .
shares of cit were down $ 4.07 , to $ 7.57 at 1 p.m.
every year or so mr. hirst , 43 , likes to cause a sensation .
that 's why this game is anything but a gimme for the colts .
the previous record , which was 32 seconds shorter , was set in february .
the person was intercepted by vatican guards before reaching the pope , lombardi said .
the choice of two wheels wasn 't a fashion for lycra-clad ethically green mobility .
she added the club were " open whenever he is ready to come . "
even within the borders of a single country , the problem is enormously complicated .
will there be a queue of buyers when blackstone next has something to sell ?
the news was bad ; mr. pinter needed to go to the hospital immediately .
why else would he be working so hard to improve the lives of americans ?
his attorney , edward chernoff , has not said whether murray gave jackson propofol .
but no need for false hyperbole now - this really is the big one .
police confirmed yesterday that a 30-year-old man had been arrested on suspicion of neglect .
after hours of chaotic fighting , the insurgents were finally driven off by airstrikes .
sure , it stumbles a little now and then , but always recovers gracefully .
the main challenger , political moderate mirhossein mousavi , is disputing the official result .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.12 gmt on friday 15 january 2010 .
he is due $ 10 million next season and $ 8.5 million in 2011 .
shells began to fly over their village , pounding mountainsides , valleys and farms .
bats and dolphins aren 't the only animals that use sound to locate objects .
different southern ethnic groups joined forces and ordered an indefinite general strike beginning wednesday .
to outfox the men on motorcycles , he has had to construct two lives .
now it seems that the artists themselves are thinking in terms of joint performances .
the great britain team have changed in appearance since first revealed two weeks ago .
the ship was transported to belfast in 2006 after being bought by the government .
" i am going to run a very different campaign , " she said .
which is why we 've just witnessed the fastest two-quarter productivity surge since 1961 .
robinson twin # 2 : you could probably paint us with the same brush .
yet there are very clear cultural , political and social limits to that appeasement .
iran 's unwavering nuclear ambitions are considered the toughest challenge for an obama presidency .
jobs will be created in every local authority area in scotland , he added .
women who make it to 65 these days can expect 20 years of retirement .
a special 18-member legislative study committee is reviewing tennessee 's open-meetings and open-records laws .
now , don 't let any of this be an excuse to skip church .
defense attorney james harmon says santoyo took the money to feed a methamphetamine habit .
then , the images shift to footage of mccain as a pow in vietnam .
but before we get carried away , some of this income could be taxed .
neither he nor his family will remain in power , " israel radio reported .
turkey is , in my opinion , a bird which never fails to disappoint .
former u.s. president bill clinton was enthusiastic about his wife heading a clinton-obama ticket .
koenig also edited , directed , produced and wrote many films , it said .
mullins wasn 't just born poor ; he was born into a living hell .
spencer said she has yet to see a customer leave a 3-d movie disappointed .
last year , al-qaeda leaders had called on pakistani muslims to avenge the raid .
congressional officials said they expected obama to sign the bill as early as tuesday .
14 the big question : should africa be generating much of europe 's power ?
" there are two main drivers [ for that ] , " he said .
when delger mollified him with the cookie , the woman offered some unsolicited advice .
do you need to have an account on you tube and be logged in ?
the originally envisioned 32 ships dipped to 12 and then seven as costs grew .
the results are analyzed in a concrete hut loaded with laptops and flat-screen monitors .
that 's a key problem in terms of providing authority in teenagers ' lives .
the obama administration probably will start cracking down on a lot of harmful behavior .
" you 'd be good as wonder woman , " gyllenhaal said of tyler .
he had been living at home with his parents since the summer of 2007 .
lombardi identified the woman as susanna maiolo , a swiss-italian national with psychiatric problems .
the closest airport to sun valley is friedman memorial airport in hailey , idaho .
for the rest of the week , he was a villain in los angeles .
webroot recommends the following actions to protect privacy and prevent threats on social networks .
heck , you can ( and i often did ) pull her legs off .
his house is a red sox shrine , with baseball cards papering the walls .
it invests in 600 companies , which together directly employ almost one million people .
mr lord has also been charged with possession of an offensive weapon and wounding .
but the vietnamese government does not want anti-china sentiments to get out of hand .
there 's also the overcautious attitude of people who aren 't used to skiing .
the proportion of freshman minority students has increased more than 100 percent since 1995 .
sony is taking steps to open up its ebook reader and online ebook store .
owen played on the team that won the gold in squaw valley , calif .
he believes there are between 3,000 and 5,000 war criminals who should face prosecution .
the pair , who live locally , will be questioned by detectives on wednesday .
do you know anyone who stopped working when top marginal rates exceeded 70 % ?
there is also a fledgling but potentially huge market for palm oil in biofuels .
spain , in particular , is keen to back plans to curb illegal migration .
the attack targeted muslims and a group of six ministers at a muslim celebration .
he stepped down effective immediately , the company said in a statement early monday .
" during the war , soldiers would have stayed where our shop is now .
the semifinals will be held later wednesday , with the finals set for thursday .
the u.n. investigator said rosenberg suspected that the guatemalan government was behind their deaths .
she now lives near the potocari memorial cemetery for the victims of the massacre .
mccain pointed out that this is no way to do politics in that region .
when his wife arrived at 3 : 30 , his procedure was already done .
apax partners is also known to be interested in financial services and fund-management deals .
i 've got to say , i 'm with howard dean on this one .
lib dem peer baroness jenny tonge criticised the tories for not supporting their motion .
zuccoli also said a2a was in no hurry to absorb its delmi holding company .
associated press writers celean jacobson and donna bryson in johannesburg contributed to this report .
federal prosecutors then brought a revised indictment , accusing hornsby of six additional charges .
new york - albert pujols snapped out of a funk with one big night .
in the meantime jim and i start to get our bearings around the camp .
hut has always denied that babar , al-zarqawi and mohammed were members of hut .
peter mueller scored for phoenix in its first loss after opening with two wins .
" what 's going to happen to your child if you 're not around ?
d.o.e. protocol education. daily and long term supply teaching positions are ... .
but don 't expect tons of 3-d content to appear out of thin air .
" stay calm , " he said in a televised address to the population .
we are all in the gutter. ello , wots all this ere then ?
beyond that , a mother 's job is secure for three years per child .
woods , perry , julius boros and tony lema have two buick open titles .
that undermines our efforts to defend our clients to the best of our ability .
dr brace explained : " the majority of our cases have had good care .
it is a chance that few others where irfan comes from will ever get .
bathrooms in tysons west and tysons east will be available only to paying customers .
separately , jpmorgan chase began another round of planned redundancies in its investment bank .
so she faced a clear-or-go home jump with all the resolve she could muster .
it also takes a sometimes confusing subject and renders it in pretty simple terms .
the connections will be paid for by a combination of advertisements and corporate sponsorship .
economists had expected a reading of 49.5 for august , according to thomson reuters .
morrell said the men and women of the armed forces deserve america 's thanks .
he was a leading voice in the senate on gun issues and western lands .
grammar schools were wonderful for the 25 per cent of children who won places .
however , i have heard that too much cardio can be bad for you .
the linguistic diversity that makes suriname exceptional also isolates it from its own hemisphere .
banks as well as other financial institutions are inherently and historically dishonest and corrupt .
paterno hurt the hip in late august while demonstrating an onside kick at practice .
surgicount medical , inc . , a division of patient safety technologies , inc .
jeff and ada qian both work as it specialist for international firms in shanghai .
kenny 's wife , on the other hand , had impressed at every turn .
each presbytery - a governing body representing about 25 congregations - nominated one person .
" my judge is the god that has created the sky and the land .
goldman already used clawbacks to make sure it wasn 't paying for ephemeral performance .
" it is therefore unfeasible to surge helicopters into theatre , " it added .
in the biblical time of abraham , it was said that sarah circumcised abraham .
their competitors , they added quickly , were breaking the rules all the time .
strangely , there have been no rumors at all of a romance with heigl .
the so-called eupol copps mission has been bolstering a now 900-strong civil police force .
" what we want to do is get it back to what it was .
he is scheduled to address the israeli parliament , the knesset , on monday .
the move followed claims they were prepared to take cash to influence government policy .
supt andrew murray from thames valley police calked for mr shirley to hand himself .
and amanda , my baby daughter , she 's in a band called johnnyswim .
a reporter asked point-blank about politics at a saturday morning " bees " panel .
mcnamee admitted lying repeatedly over the years , which makes him a liar now .
but it finally tells -- oops , it looks like somebody may have fainted .
at that point , mcnabb wasn 't really dealing from a position of strength .
despite agreeing to a un-brokered ceasefire in january , nkunda resumed fighting in august .
his son died at the scene and the older woman died at a hospital .
suzuki 's solo drive off clemens gave seattle a 2-1 lead in the third .
i hope to be able to race internationally by july , " said lewis-francis .
vehicle noise levels should be between 82-89 decibels and background noise between 50-60 decibels .
only on friday , gingrich said he had given himself a deadline of oct .
long is facing charges of endangering the welfare of children and corruption of minors .
the soldiers have been ordered not to fire on civilians , even if provoked .
chapter 8 is for days when you 're feeling more ambitious with your meals .
she said aid would go beyond the military to encompass social and economic problems .
vitaly churkin said new punitive measures could increase tension and would probably be counterproductive .
rumours did the rounds yesterday that the german holding company could sell its stake .
abdulmutallab has told fbi interrogators that others are likely to follow in his footsteps .
he also participated in the levitation project , a film with skiers and snowboarders .
his innocence would be proven if prosecution witnesses told the truth , he added .
the 71-year-old kirk , a boston attorney , was close friends with the senator .
zardari made only passing reference to the protest and did not mention the judges .
durham , n.c. ( 1816 donations , $ 25,530 funds raised plus awards ) .
after leaving school she attended fashion college , where she studied millinery and embroidery .
rhys gill , the uncapped saracens prop , is called up to the bench .
team usa will return to europe in may for matches against england and spain .
the friendship gate at the chaman crossing between afghanistan and pakistan draws heavy traffic .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond rose 16 / 32 to yield 3.62 percent .
c : the only way to have true confidence is through faith and diversity .
they came during the collapse of the soviet union and the wars that followed .
and there are volunteers distributing care packages containing phone cards , toiletries and snacks .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.49 gmt on wednesday 4 november 2009 .
all it takes is that and a few vengeful jews and he 'sw screwed .
graham said his office was considering the evidence and preparing to prosecute those responsible .
he has yet to enter a plea to charges of parental kidnapping and assault .
it is not just that the passport and its owner must be physically present .
consolidation , the thinking goes , will solve all of the industry 's woes .
" it 's unfair that we suffer while politicians fight , " she said .
an executive said a manufacturing operation could be up and running later this year .
the grizzlies had won their previous four games and seven of their last eight .
heikki kovalainen has to be a little bit disappointed with aspects of his performance .
rescuers had to cut trapped passengers from a wrecked car of the mewar express .
each vault can hold 1.5 million sample packages of all types of crop seeds .
yellow cards : h fourie ( 30-40 ) , c thomas ( 41-51 ) .
it is a modern solution to the mess in the bottom of your bag .
for one thing , it rests on a very rickety base of political support .
thousands of foreclosed properties are available , and banks sell them at steep discounts .
" they wouldn 't normally be used in residential buildings , " majidi says .
a stay has been placed on the order on the grounds of national interest .
roy jenkins was as much a man of letters as a singularly enlightened administrator .
they finished the last stage in two-wheel drive , having lost the center differential .
griffiths had failed to attend meetings , appointments and return phone calls he said .
the trans-siberian railway is , arguably , the world 's most famous train experience .
the plan , called option 2a , was presented to the president on nov .
and a lot of the money that was actually donated for it went missing .
the boy , who was not identified , was taken to boston medical center .
so far there is little evidence to suggest opposition on the backbenches is softening .
one , an oil-fired plant , was bought and dismantled by the chinese government .
such arrangements " should not be a matter for regulation , " he says .
the swiss finished top of group two after a tense 0-0 draw against israel .
modern american presidents have little choice but to operate as creatures of the media .
persimmon is one of the few housebuilders to seriously generate cash during the downturn .
a local man who was arrested in connection with the incident remains on bail .
this will be managed through licenses and service agreements , " gm europe said .
it is true that a real contest in 2010 might help to reverse this .
there has been no word on the whereabouts of mehsud since the operation began .
i won 't miss him or his 20 calls a day playing stage dad .
concern mounts over rising troop suicides analysis : how decisive will super tuesday be ?
the wounded survivor was still being treated at a hospital sunday , howie said .
" you put oysters -- seriously , oysters ? -- in the stuffing ? "
the fact that it was committed by a father doesn 't make it better .
it may provide republicans with a new entre to hispanic and ethnic catholic voters .
it is far from over and is still taking its toll on some stocks .
there are parallels between then and now , but there are also big differences .
ship strikes are the leading cause of death for the north atlantic right whale .
the spurs made one final push , closing within 84-75 on parker 's basket .
usually , kayakers say , the rushing waters ebb after a couple of days .
but now researchers think they 've figured out the origin of the bizarre structure .
" i could die now and it already would have been worth it . "
in 1986 , brownback became the youngest secretary of agriculture in kansas ' history .
many places in europe , america and asia have adopted " pay-as-you-throw " schemes .
shares in baidu , google 's main rival in china , surged 7 percent .
they too say the government hasn 't been very forthcoming with information about this .
the high court bar association occupies a courtyard at the center of the compound .
just last month , fannie mae announced higher surcharges for loans to weaker borrowers .
the actel name and logo and actel fusion are registered trademarks of actel corporation .
with that in mind , here are 10 jobs for the recession and beyond .
the family ran worldco financial services next to a used car lot they operated .
sharapova 's legs were weary by now and errors began to punctuate her game .
i submit that history will be a more objective judge than our contemporary analysts .
the three-way battle results from the ongoing transformation in the world of market research .
a week later after the sale it is flipped back to the country home .
market vacillations should not , of course , be the ultimate test for policy .
just hours before the dollar 's decline below 100 yen , toyota motor corp.
still , even among his colleagues , her work has not been widely read .
it is based on a survey of virtually all danish schoolchildren over several decades .
he thanked them for their role in the last of his three relay wins .
robert horry hasn 't played since march 21 because of a bruised left knee .
love broke down for joel as it did for another ugandan , peace kabushenga .
at that point , it was still a game , the packers up 21-14 .
the canary islands are a group of volcanic islands off the coast of africa .
he has scored 20 points only three times and has had two scoreless games .
a few days later , mcgee 's claims were published in in touch weekly .
the animal was so distressed that it was put down a few days later .
the overall results have a sampling error of + / - 1.05 percentage points .
but it 's been long enough that i can finally sympathise with my victims .
the secret report detailed investigations that included financial dealings , travel and campaign donations .
what we should do is increase the number of people who have private insurance .
the new work force is expected to add about 9,000 children to area schools .
saracens centre andy farrell tries to evade the shackles of glasgow stand-off dan parks .
" the minister has caved into pressure from those who are opposed to reform .
and we look ahead to an impending announcement on the review of public administration .
to those who helped in compiling this catalogue of corporate philanthropy , many thanks .
after assaulting the girl , he ran off in the direction of taunton road .
some observers suggest the arrangement could give hezbollah virtual veto power over government decisions .
they propose that males might be particularly susceptible to physical discomfort related to texting .
they couldn 't access websites sympathetic to mousavi , but the students here could .
" they pitched us very well , " st louis manager tony larussa said .
i never think i 'll skip on that run or that round of sparring .
it is therefore a shame that none of that drama permeated the play yesterday .
1914 - blaise diagne elected as senegal 's first african deputy to french parliament .
a spokesman declined to give any details about where the cuts had been made .
police said a suspect tried to grab a man 's watch on monday night .
for linda argo , who runs the department , it was worse than that .
the new york insurance market did not collapse , as some insurers had warned .
although there was a pay-phone near the bridge , no one contacted the police .
apparently several of these have happened recently , including one in chelsea last week .
and some of the money you stash into savings eventually helps the economy grow .
i 'm sure everyone is a little tired of hearing about the hawaii quarterback .
people who live in the building will breathe twice-filtered air and use solar-powered energy .
she tartly rejected any suggestion that the planet was named for the disney dog .
roughly 64 percent of workers under 25 say they were unhappy in their jobs .
ms greenall said the family became determined to help others facing a similar situation .
solon , ohio , july 8 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- energy focus , inc .
you disgust all civilized people ! kcstan11 , go crawl back under your rock !
i have never participated in any planning against this nation , " he said .
these will line the other two sides of the mixed herb and salad bed .
it has also learnt a few things about how customers think along the way .
in contrast , half the students taking the human geography exam got failing grades .
tuesday also brings data that will illustrate the woes of japan 's construction sector .
paul pierce scored 17 points and rajon rondo had 15 points in the victory .
in late june , that figure stood at 61-37 percent , according to cnn .
it says it fired suppliers whom the bbc 's panorama found used child labour .
scotland runs its own justice system but the uk remains responsible for foreign affairs .
i don 't see any change in the spending on the war in iraq .
and the sad thing is the rest of the world bought right into it .
i was like , ' wow , ' " the 15-year-old boy told cnn .
the man had returned home after a trip to south carolina , barksdale said .
this election is moving past who started the war to who can stop it .
the margin of error for all likely voters is + / - 0.5 percent .
was there a moment that made you gasp from surprise or flinch in fear ?
to truly recover a sound mind and body , you need equally sound surroundings .
insurers face damage claims estimated at $ 10 billion ( £ 6 billion ) .
bill clinton famously told a suffering constituent , " i feel your pain . "
members of the senate finance committee shot down republican sen. orrin hatch 's amendment .
such callous brutality , astonishingly , is now a one-day wonder in the media .
the extent to which water or foam could damage the interior was not clear .
it 's been well established that obama is close friends with another chicago terrorist .
but their proposals are modest in scope and far from central to their campaigns .
so what do you do if you have more than $ 100,000 to invest ?
cant wait to see all the drivers and new cars competing back at silverstone !
asda has overtaken primark to become britain 's second-biggest clothing retailer in volume terms .
for anyone who has visited china , it is furtherest thing from the truth .
those who had heard mention of it on the tv news bulletins seemed unmoved .
james joyce recreated his ireland living in trieste , paris and other places abroad .
orange groves in south florida also endured flooding , though to a lesser extent .
but comparing present performance with past , especially in education , can be misleading .
associated press writers jeannine aversa and eileen sullivan contributed to this story from washington .
they raped her and left her in the village itself , " he said .
ironically the reduction in coverage coincides with a rise in the number of crimes .
yet as with other safer sex products , this is no easy mission accomplished .
unlike the romney blog , " mccain blogette " is independent from the campaign .
issues of bike , ride , superbike and performance bike littered the kitchen table .
with a dedicated video record button , users can easily start recording a video .
but the complaint detailed how show producers went to lengths to coach the children .
the will of the people and the law of the land have been ignored .
over the last two weeks sales of decorations are up 30pc on last year .
" that is your sunday sermon -- and no collection , " he concluded .
but , at this stage , health is more important , " safina said .
his melodies tend to be convoluted but singable ; he sings a few himself .
but there are fears the increasingly bitter row could bring down the power-sharing executive .
kirk contends his plan is less partisan but said he supports camp 's effort .
souza said people are generally polite , even interested in talking about spiritual matters .
the idea of movement was logically extended when he took up dance and performance .
gdf suez was formed of a takeover of state-controlled gas group gdf by suez .
i wonder how much of that 10 million will go into obamas campain fund ?
what do you want people to walk away from having watched this documentary with ?
it was spending in order to save that got me into my present mess .
" we always believed that the position of hmrc was wrongly applied to us .
only carphone warehouse and the combined orange and tmobile would own more retail outlets .
texas has 15 more executions scheduled for this year and one early in 2009 .
the presidential succession is particularly problematic , because mr biya is grooming a successor .
i ( a former philosophy major ) largely agree with professor fish 's conclusions .
the u.s. auto industry has the look of a jalopy with four flat tires .
the cabane de montfort , beside the red cabane run from col des gentianes .
" only coordinated international action can prevent the irresponsible risk-taking that caused this crisis .
zimbabwe , then known as southern rhodesia , was a british colony for decades .
" we have a long bargaining history with mr. volpe , " he said .
" in this economic climate , landlords cannot risk losing their anchor tenants .
18 , the same time as people reported seeing a fireball in the sky .
we have good banter both on and off the ice , " says murdoch .
he hit 28 home runs for its class aaa affiliate but was never promoted .
public reaction to the " hey hey " performance in online forums was mixed .
so . . . eating the right fish will get my kid into harvard ?
men and women were pretty evenly divided in the republican primaries in both states .
did the doctor mean to say that brain damage has led to a craze ?
if so , let 's return it to them , " van waggoner said .
four people were sleeping on their boats when the blaze started , he said .
he flew to auckland , new zealand , and headed to a vodafone store .
we 've entered an economy that is fast separating the women from the girls .
these powers would make james madison , george washington , and thomas jefferson shiver !
car choice : what 's small and cheap , with a touch of class ?
that amounts to a hidden tax of $ 601 per kentucky household each year .
uk producer prices rose at a record pace in may , official figures show .
for more information about ibm , please visit http : / / www.ibm.com / .
their english driver jenson button has been installed by bookmakers as favourite to win .
charlie 's angles : totting up those 2008 predictions -- how did i fare ?
" it 's the wrong product at the wrong time , " he said .
" we didn 't come close to that this time , " voight said .
that would make room for the emerging economies , such as china and brazil .
detroit , michigan ( cnn ) -- it 's a stimulus plan on sneakers .
" just the sort of injuries an athlete picks up , " he says .
in 1988 ted forstmann warned that the junk bond market was likely to collapse .
the magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck haiti in mid-january , killing more than 200,000 people .
but not to pick on them : these two characters fit their milieu perfectly .
they believed the hype and thought that just by turning up they would win .
the home was inspected by csci last november and judged to be run well .
goldman said 1,500 to 3,000 snakes were under his care at any given time .
interestingly , radcliffe pegs that film as the moment he realized he loved acting .
though his defensive footwork still needs work , pitchers agree with desmond 's self-assessment .
for example , it could involve independent psychiatrists evaluating inmates with mental health issues .
president medvedev promised to " find and destroy " the organisers of the attacks .
yet most of us would not put " competent adulterer " on our cvs .
quarterly earnings reports due from mattel , citigroup , general electric and media general .
the fire is not being treated as suspicious at this time , police added .
the government dismissed the attacks while expressing confidence it would overwhelm a fragmented opposition .
my right to " life , " trumps your right to " convenience . "
los angeles ( ap ) - there was no championship hangover for these lakers .
" in haiti , that 's a lot of money , " he said .
they are all factors which laventure puts down to fear and lack of confidence .
" the right hand is pretty bad , i 'm going for an x-ray .
there has been much campaign wrangling about the environment , welfare and tax reforms .
still , the trade group said a post-christmas buying splurge could erase that shortfall .
when offered a sample , ask your doctor if there 's a cheaper alternative .
south korea 's economy is quickly rebounding from the depths of the global slump .
esfandiari has long denied receiving any u.s. funds for the lecture series she runs .
simpson has denied knowing that members of his group took guns to the confrontation .
then they would take equity out of that house to buy a newer one .
the report has been presented to fife council 's social work and health committee .
" until the 1970s they were very small in numbers , " he said .
( i contacted apple corps earlier today but have not received a response . )
not all conservatives agreed the passage of the bill was a win for republicans .
why did you decide to record several covers instead of putting out new music ?
the anti-incumbent clamor that helped undercut dodd 's stature also poses problems for republicans .
ford ended the year with a bang , with december sales up 33 percent .
the execution is competent , yet dishes can sometimes taste more corporate than passionate .
we went looking for one missing species and found a treasure trove of others .
they were aimed directly at women themselves offering advice about how to get help .
the documentary is to be broadcast on state channel france 3 on 7 november .
learn your lines , of course , and don 't bump into the furniture .
the court service confirmed the papers had been sent to the court of appeal .
the chiles fund was set up to provide services for children and the elderly .
none believed he was born in america ; most said they did not know .
doing otherwise is highly irresponsible and against the hippocratic oath , in my opinion .
all st. john 's classes on the queens campus are cancelled for this evening .
some predictions work out well , and some don 't -- that 's life .
overall the officers said they were happy with what they had found so far .
do you think that this type of media is effective at reaching your generation ?
it has done this by pinpointing different attitudes to dressing and creating attuned collections .
it is time for government to shape up , nationally , regionally and locally .
or was it , " watson , come here , i need you " ?
granollers-pujol turned to his coach , squatted and clenched his fists after the match .
matt cassel threw two short touchdown passes in the final minutes for kansas city .
but there is better still to come , when the amateur actors are reunited .
" lots of people have debts , loans taken out with banks , mortgages .
the deal is worth $ 27 million to $ 52 million over 18 months .
more information on mbusa and its products can be found at www.mbusa.com and www.maybachusa.com.
they are deploying 41,000 police specifically to look after security for the world cup .
the start of the bank bonus season has fuelled anger towards bankers in britain .
the lead was further extended before half-time with juan powering in a magnificent header .
one in every 159 u.s. housing units received a foreclosure filing during the quarter .
moen was born illegitimate in 1941 , probably the son of a german soldier .
" we need every bit of space we can get , " karasik said .
he was later made a sports inspector , covering ceredigion , pembrokeshire and carmarthenshire .
it 's time for royalty -- a whole dynasty of rose queens from stretford .
pettitte had lost his previous two starts despite having an early lead in both .
the toll for hgvs is to remain at the current level of £ 1.50 .
there are just some people that can 't handle being a " celebrity . "
her husband appealed for her to get in touch , but was later charged .
javon walker and travis henry have been hurt most of the year , too .
it 's not about referees - when will everybody get off this blame-the-referee nonsense ?
gwb pre-election ; the democratic process is good for the palestinians , go abbas !
scrambled brains and broken bones can both be healed with a new nanoparticle-infused hydrogel .
he allowed three runs on four hits in the fifth , his last inning .
but it did find overall improvements in most cps regions in england and wales .
and it has quirke , the ever-curious pathologist to whom trouble sticks like glue .
we don 't know anything until we get the results from the investigation back .
newark , the state 's largest school system , is searching for a superintendent .
the rock concert ritual is governed by myths of generosity , spontaneity , romance .
the edinburgh military tattoo has been officially renamed as the royal edinburgh military tattoo .
" he was absolutely outstanding last year and also in the euros with spain .
smothers changed weapons without hanging up the phone with the man who hired him .
overseas students are required to attend courses for at least 15 hours per week .
what is really dampening my mood is that everyone else seems so unseasonably bad-tempered .
bush said the dollar could be helped by implementing policies that strengthen the economy .
in tunis , riot police could be seen at several spots throughout the capital .
as you can imagine , this can lead to fraudulent and inadequately prepared returns .
a person with direct knowledge said the initial diagnosis is a torn patellar tendon .
its gearing now is very low at 10 % or 2.3x net debt ebitda .
i think prostitution should be legalized , regulated , and taxed to the max .
it has infected between 3 million and 12 million computers , according to perry .
as at several other publishing houses , harpercollins 's operating profits slipped last year .
liberal leader stephane dion said the suspension of parliament would only delay the inevitable .
fuel-hedging contracts are used to protect companies from sharp changes in the oil price .
business was fueled first by italians , later by croatians , greeks and lebanese .
ramadan stood and excused himself , quieting the children and heading toward evening ablution .
it provides superior handling balance , accelerates briskly , sounds muscular and brakes well .
i used to be a skipper and i therefore have some knowledge on anchors .
so it seems that we can better shape our fate if we leave home .
the raf would now consider whether any further action would be taken against them .
meanwhile , a woman suffered serious head injuries in an accident in county antrim .
since 2001 , buehrle leads al left-handers in innings with 1,577 2 / 3 .
in the meantime , iphone users can access the service through their web browser .
collins said the city of cincinnati has also signaled its support for the museum .
she 's bypassing sleep to save on hotel costs and flying out early wednesday .
many ads proffering jackson memorial tickets were removed shortly after they were posted monday .
the u.s. public , too , has come to same conclusion in recent years .
i wonder who 's words he 's going to steal for tonight 's debate ?
but capital expenditure will fall from this year 's £ 938m to £ 404m .
david petruzzelli , student : they must have to pay a lot of bills .
tiger woods shot 72 in his first round for two months following knee surgery .
their targets are going to be local mini-googles -- companies like yandex.ru in russia .
under pressure from his desperate family , he finally agreed to leave in 2001 .
there has been no further information about oh 's wife and daughters since then .
his counterpart yang jiechi said china had become " more concerned " about iran .
japan 's population posted its sharpest decline ever last year , falling by 51,000 .
all applicable text rates apply. make a secure online contribution by visiting www.redcross.org.
however , political analysts like lutz believe the talk of opposition is pure braggadocio .
darren mcnicholl , 16 , and his 20-year-old sister natasha were from the loup .
studies show that the urge to give children unique names is on the rise .
that would leave the karmapa as the most senior tibetan buddhist leader in exile .
and at least some of the new tissue seems to come from ordinary skin .
lindsay davenport will face second seed daniela hantuchova in sunday 's bali open final .
fenerbahce coach zico has injury and illness concerns over roberto carlos and claudio maldonado .
the family is trying to make funeral arrangements while they sort through custody issues .
the entire world was better off before we invaded iraq , except for iran .
many resort destinations worldwide allow you to mix a little culture with your vermouth .
" we haven 't even talked about it ( the breakup with evert ) .
but the cardiff inquiry was told a recommendation to revoke its licence was declined .
officers were called to white hart street in kennington , south london at 9.10pm.
the weekend action against mr. mangal bagh may have gained a reprieve for peshawar .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.13 gmt on tuesday 9 february 2010 .
a phone call and e-mail to pima community college were not returned late thursday .
still , he completed 20 of 28 passes for 251 yards and four touchdowns .
it 's only getting worse with an estimated 3.6 million more u.s. workers unemployed .
cueto is performing as well as anyone in the side and better than most .
on friday , november 17 , a few hundred students demonstrated in wenceslas square .
serial killer may be at work in s.c. good news for chronic pain patients .
cnn 's jason carroll , ekin middleton and mythili rao contributed to this report .
pearson 's other primary businesses include the financial times group and the penguin group .
the surface-to-surface missile was test-fired off the coast of orissa state in eastern india .
vdacs believes the new agricultural depredation order will help alleviate some of these problems .
it is the only site in scotland with uk government approval for a casino .
" i will cover up only when i marry , " declares the 18-year-old .
you can be confronted by somebody at the supermarket ; you lose all privacy .
in san diego , the national weather service issued a warning of high winds .
northwest said operating revenue was $ 3.80 billion , a gain of 12.4 percent .
the women on the river share a common story of diagnosis and exhausting treatment .
called a " word cloud , " this method is popular across the web .
minutes after arriving , she called people knowhow and left a message for kabealo .
comment : there are more than one kind of " high risk " donors .
once again we present the ' most actives ' on the london stock exchange .
nowhere has the educational establishment 's influence been more damaging than in teaching reading .
" they worked very hard , very intense , with a lot at stake .
a piece of shrapnel from the bomb had gone through his son 's neck .
officials say the treaty was delayed because pakistan had been unable to arrange funding .
but nearby , there are others who back mccain , the presumptive republican nominee .
and why not , given the obstacle course indy had to endure this season ?
a police spokesman said the man , in his late 30s , was arrested .
" who knows , we may soon have tourists here , " said edin .
it is nearly 15 feet high and more than 6.5 feet on each side .
in 2008 , amd lost $ 3.1 billion on sales of $ 5.8 billion .
yet as they analyzed the papers , american investigators were struck by one thing .
ms falk alleges she has been blocked from seeing her father for six months .
sanchez said results are expected to be released by the end of the week .
model joanna krupa and partner derek hough finished in second place with 81 points .
it also touched on " matters of legitimate public interest , " he said .
neither task is impossible , but lose another and the margin gets tighter still .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.25 gmt on tuesday 9 february 2010 .
it 's a hand gesture normally associated with sporting events and bud lite commercials .
he recently sent out a 12-page piece of mail throughout the state as well .
he is survived by his wife , barbara , and their son and daughter .
on indian reservations , the same thing -- though often with tribal symbols superimposed .
it was jeremy moore , commander of the british land forces during the war .
" one common functional mechanism can explain many of these seemingly unrelated illusions . "
a number of rural services have been cancelled and will be replaced by buses .
the more people get to hear about it the better , " he added .
2010 october - government changes country 's flag , national anthem and official name .
the female doctor , whose name was not released , was in stable condition .
howard said the family was also told to bring an unspecified amount of money .
the bobcats are 19-17 at home , but just 7-28 on the road . ...
the turks also allege that the rebels have got hold of american-made ground-to-air missiles .
i bet the show comes in on time -- cbs would plotz if not .
mr wycherley said : " diana was always popping into the kitchen at kp .
est ) closing deadline , the electoral commission of kenya ( eck ) said .
iraq 's election commission said it could take a week to count the results .
it was last updated at 00.07 on november 26 2008. kingston smith. london .
and this means factoring in that property values are still on their way down .
an unsealed criminal complaint revealed the course of the fbi 's investigation of fondren .
but in the end our friends will realise that we are in the right .
the defence claimed that on both occasions russell had been attempting to kill himself .
" we had veered into the conventional , and now we 're back . "
the foursome have also created just the right kind of cosy country pub ambience .
nearly a year after it had ended , ensign publicly apologized for the affair .
but it also has strong work that speaks of life beyond the art factory .
could leonardo da vinci 's masterpiece really be hidden inside a wall in florence ?
abdul can 't afford the operation so we are not sure what will happen .
he spent three months in prison , but was released on appeal in november .
it would be welcome if this time , human beings could crack that model .
america , tell the truth.hclinton , tell the truth if you know the difference .
he said he still does not feel well enough to resume his england career .
money not available to you or me and that may cost us in hyperinflation .
it is an honour to be in the final four of the world cup .
he is the best climber . " -- armstrong , after his ninth-place finish .
dallas ( 2-4-1 ) has yielded 29 goals -- more than four per game .
the images showed a browser with a similar look to google 's chrome software .
earnhardt starts 11th and hopes a strong run at talladega could jumpstart his season .
the first two " fallout " pc games came out in 1997 and 1998 .
the person spoke on condition of anonymity because the announcement hasn 't been made .
google bill moyers journal - > go to the pbs site and click archives .
the solution seems clear : reduce the corporate tax rate and eliminate the loopholes .
" he appears well-suited for new york , " the official says of dolan .
it doesn 't matter what we call it , the result is the same .
the president was accompanied by a small crew of family , friends and advisers .
the head of an afghan political party said the movie would energize the taliban .
many opposition supporters , though , come from iran 's increasingly secularised younger generation .
at the city morgue , a sister of one of the victims berated police .
the meetings were approved by high-level officials at the white house and the pentagon .
mcdonald 's , pasties and his mother 's home cooking were all to blame .
they have been together for almost 26 years and plan to wed in august .
but now , obama is continuing the bail-outs and people are angry at him .
cooper : the importance of background checks varies depending on the type of job .
crime here is sexualised , with the highest rate of rape in the world .
redrado had sought to investigate all the possible legal consequences of such a decision .
meanwhile , an isaf soldier was killed in an explosion in northern afghanistan saturday .
" it 's nothing else than a label for talent , " he says .
telephone messages were left thursday at facebook 's headquarters in palo alto , calif .
baseball is popular enough in san francisco to be a source of urban renewal .
it supposedly brought luck but i did not do it to see in 2008 .
" as it ( the bus ) came near me , i heard thunder .
one 's response was that you have to be in it to win it .
since three of the ballets are choreographically first rate , this is rich fare .
pullen , a lightning-quick guard , scored 11 points and doled out five assists .
usually , white house schedulers call congressional leaders well in advance of major meetings .
" we had an absolutely delightful reunion , " said gillespie , now 51 .
like the engine of a car , your body needs fluid to run properly .
don 't miss buckler 's hard , which once helped britannia rule the waves .
cronkite 's wife of 64 years , betsy , died in 2005 from cancer .
the new regulators - and their sponsors - appear to like it that way .
pocketbook troubles seem to be private failures rather than the consequence of political choices .
hard-core zombie fans can be notoriously prickly when it comes to their favorite monstrosity .
award-winning country music singer leann rimes shares her recipes for cabo chicken and sangria .
yet the usps has an equally clear and obvious plan to remedy the problem .
" they sent us away last night , but we came back this morning .
there have been no more deaths over hedge disputes since the law came in .
" we must make every effort to support those farmers , " ban said .
syniverse holdings is an enabler of wireless voice and data services for telecommunications companies .
the margins for digital music are awful for everyone other than the record companies .
the delicate boats atop the deck are made from veneers steamed and pressed together .
for added protection , the netguardian lt also supports an external analog temperature probe .
adjusted ebitda ( 1 ) of $ 27 million was down $ 1 million .
germany 's police union decried the decision , saying klar had shown no remorse .
president steve mendell and his attorney , asa hutchinson , were not immediately returned .
s / he 's got all the right buzzwords to appeal to that base .
it 's all about awareness of the global sanitation crisis , " he said .
ever hear a follow-up question when someone makes a blatantly inaccurate or dishonest statement ?
european stocks closed 0.9 percent higher after tokyo shares gained close to 6 percent .
scott saunders scored nine points to lead the bruins ( 9-7 , 4-2 ) .
heparin is derived from pig intestines and china is the world 's leading supplier .
heisman hopefuls : there are no realistic candidates this season for the tar heels .
total cholesterol > 200 ) should also opt for the more detailed vap test .
final take it 's not your imagination : your electronic in-box is ridiculously crowded .
president barack obama is throwing the first state dinner of his presidency on nov .
mr moyes said he would probably come in for heavy criticism for saying that .
they had always left the expertise of building the thoroughbred chassis to the experts .
get , for example , the braised beef or fish fillets with napa cabbage .
butler has a donut right now and they can 't win without him producing .
" usually , i don 't have very good springs , " penny said .
rg : not anything to do with the structure , his themes - fantastic .
wall street outsider michael burry bet against the market and won ... big time !
the collection which will be presented on tuesday could very possibly be the last .
many details about the program are still unknown including how far along scaled is .
economists and policymakers have been looking for signs of hope after months grim data .
you could see the pain and suffering in their eyes , " he said .
joke or genuine confusion , it 's hard not to sympathise with the author .
if that leads to a goal , there might be even more pitch-based hullabaloo .
he believed that great men and women can change history , and he did .
he urged the public to give banks a bit of " breathing space . "
" i thought i was going out of the park , " busch said .
and are those decisions made through thoughtful reflecting on what is meaningful to us ?
they may be shiites on paper but the tawils remain deeply sunni in practice .
every half hour or so , the pair come over to inspect the footage .
however , county council planning committee members voted 5-2 in favour of the upgrade .
a funny thing has happened to our prime minister and i blame david cameron .
a factor overlaying each side 's view of the other has been media coverage .
langer shot a 30 on the front nine and birdied the closing two holes .
holmes , an ordained minister , lived on a ranch in wiergate , tex .
today , there are only four : germany , austria , switzerland and liechtenstein .
" these boys were collecting the pictures like baseball cards , " he said .
" cme group applauds government efforts to ensure effective regulation of commodity futures markets .
the mean values of detached houses rose by 2 % in the last quarter .
he 's a fuddy-duddy supporting john " the lobbyist " mccain , another fuddy-duddy .
any protest staged within parliament is punishable by up to two years in prison .
he said he never carried a credit card balance , to protect his score .
still , every day new companies are announcing that they will receive tarp funds .
at the same time there was a strong personality and a real episcopal presence .
large parts of the current record were recorded in dublin 's hanover quay studios .
he had been seen on 60 different occasions by social workers and other professionals .
the victims ' families said they were civilians travelling to iran to seek work .
the air is crisp , daylight is scarce and halloween decorations litter store shelves .
housing payments range from about $ 800 a month to $ 2,700 a month .
some of the tension had just begun to lift in urumqi on monday morning .
i also advocate the creation of a viable palestinian state , " lieberman wrote .
bochum beat schalke 2-1 with werder bremen and bottom side borussia moenchengladbach drawing 1-1 .
three journals have rightly alerted readers to the conflicts that could affect the research .
that was certainly the message mr vaz and ms abbott were keen to give .
oswalt allowed three runs and six hits for the astros , striking out seven .
sad to see a good woman 's campaign setback by the actions of illegals .
high winds forced authorities to stop flights at o 'hare international airport in chicago .
but for the sixth year in a row , yields have undershot consensus predictions .
" you have never heard the prime minister say he would freeze settlement building .
he went 7-of-18 and three of his four interceptions were thrown right at defenders .
they are also strong enough to deter most visitors , friends , and allies .
barker , who 's also divorced , has four children while evans has three .
christine levinson traveled to iran in december 2007 to seek information on the disappearance .
another model had green toenails , and underneath that , patches of beige enamel .
its chair is trevor phillips from the commission for racial equality ( cre ) .
i think being a prisoner of war may have something to do with it .
his extraordinary life story inspired the oscar-winning film casino , starring robert de niro .
the family is suing for $ 67m ( £ 33m ) for wrongful death .
is it worth educating more graduates if the job market is already so bad ?
alcohol may also dehydrate you , and that 's never good for the skin .
her official web site has posts from february , 2007 , celebrating the news .
he 's been at every democratic convention but two in the past 48 years .
tribune , citing law enforcement sources , reported that the four officers had died .
pest control and family entertainment , not shoot- ' em-ups in the back yard .
he suggested that the motivation behind the strikes could be as basic as revenge .
for millions of people , the recession is a time of belt-tightening and cutbacks .
the anti-camera crusaders in ohio call themselves citizens against photo enforcement , or cape .
the driver , jerry bridges , was a cousin of jordan , authorities said .
1959 : a very traditional trumpet fanfare greets the arrival of the two teams .
curry had one of his best games of the season friday with randolph out .
my team likes to call the caper , " when rafa met bonnie . "
" we know fish don 't eat pliers or batteries , " he said .
palo verde is america 's largest nuclear power plant in both size and capacity .
both are capable of averaging 20 points and 7 to 10 rebounds a game .
a preliminary hearing in the case has been scheduled for march 15 , e !
iran 's central bank soon intervened , injecting enough dollars to steady the market .
badio says they haven 't been able to have a funeral without their bodies .
choate said many residents are carrying a past-due balance from last winter 's bills .
most of foodborne illnesses , ashton said , are mild and are not treated .
perhaps the biggest worry of all is that bad e-government is worse than useless .
but by then bishop yao had fallen foul of the authorities one last time .
the one leg that wasn 't supposed to ever get rickety is social security .
indeed , there 's the odd restless shout out from a bored crowd member .
a recent 100-day plan to revitalize the company was a flop , says lindsay .
no law enforcement agency contacted by the washington post reported running out of ammunition .
government forces have also been accused by rights groups of committing atrocities and looting .
mariinsky theatre , teatralnaya ploshchad ( 00 7 812 326 4141 ; mariinsky.ru ) .
dementieva , the beijing olympic champion , was playing in her 62nd career semifinal .
if i got the account , it would open the door to other customers .
this was where the snout of the glacier stood just over 100 years ago .
do you feel any degree of culpability in creating this money and celebrity-obsessed age ?
last month microsoft released bing , its answer to google 's popular search engine .
28 , wembley will host the first regular season nfl game outside north america .
the professional and business services sector lost 133,000 jobs and retail was down 48,000 .
participants in this space have to go the extra mile to satisfy end-user requirements .
ortega said he was " touched " but entirely surprised by paris ' speech .
we got lucky with bill clinton and we did not get lucky with carter .
no one could possibly claim that private behaviour is particularly honourable at the moment .
what 's the one tv show you and your spouse try not to miss ?
et , with encore presentations at 9 : 30 and 11 : 00 p.m.
the building was evacuated but residents were being allowed to return late friday night .
" by no means should you do that out in the open like that .
1947 : birmingham get the first leg of this carling cup semi-final under way .
the entrance to the u.s. holocaust memorial museum where wednesday 's shooting took place .
even slight melting could drive up sea levels and could affect world 's cities .
duval swears he didn 't think he was out of it , even then .
" there are marshals on the premises today , " said spokesman roland ubaldo .
the new owners , whose offer had been accepted , still completed the purchase .
new orleans was led by 35 from chris paul and 23 from david west .
riley laughed out loud , and stopped baiting the ref , for the moment .
among republicans ms palin 's rating remains high , with 86 per cent support .
" there are other teams as well as inter that are interested in ronaldinho .
sara said she was nominating him because he disliked hearing singing in the house .
quadra trac i delivers full-time four-wheel drive without any switches or levers to pull .
the documents were filed in u.s. bankruptcy court in the western district of virginia .
but despite armstrong 's defence of the sport , the roll of infamy grows .
the argument is basically , " if i 'm unique , i 'm incomparable .
neither question is complex and can be answered by either a yes or no .
the political price of keeping the chancellor in place has been growing steadily higher .
longoria 's two-run double later in the inning against jesus colome made it 8-2 .
the state company said it would raise its output to 18,000 tons in 2010 .
they are not enemy combatants , legal or illegal , nor are they terrorists .
they combined to make 1 of 8 attempts the field in the first half .
obama won enough delegates tuesday to clinch the democratic party 's nomination for president .
look for rhodes to re-establish himself as the no. 2 back in indy .
serbia has taken a decisive step towards a stronger future with the european union .
it looks like , well , a big iphone , pretty much as anticipated .
" there , i was worried about the dying , but that was it .
president bush presented the medal to the parents of private first class ross mcginnis .
tomas vokoun stopped 37 shots for florida , which has lost five of six .
julius boros was 48 when he won the 1968 pga championship in san antonio .
richard hartman , chief executive , said cutting the dividend was " prudent . "
" we can 't go out , we have to stay inside the fences .
i do not want to see her end up sitting in a shed somewhere .
the children soon forgot about my leaving , but they never teased me again .
the doctor would be participating in best practices , they would be recorded electronically .
many have been living in red cross shelters or discounted hotel rooms for days .
thompson ( 16-9 ) had been expected to be another quick victim for slice .
" our space programme is about courage and dreams , " he tells me .
it was hoped the fund would allow mills to work on a year-round basis .
they are expected to make a full recovery after treatment , the hpa said .
hilton 's portfolio of 10 brands includes more than 3,300 hotels in 77 countries .
" i don 't want to say anything , " he told the court .
public health minister dawn primarolo said the government was working hard to change attitudes .
then mao zedong marched into beijing in october 1949 , and the world changed .
for lack of anything else , we trusted that swallow , " augusto said .
he was educated at neath county grammar school and at exeter college , oxford .
who knew that a talk about climate change and food could be ... entertaining ?
that doesn 't make much sense to me , " obama said of palin .
you can see the impression it must have made on yours truly that week !
in all , teams exchanged 15 percent of the picks they had to trade .
just to be clear , i wasn 't really " complaining " about anything .
officers are urging anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area to contact them .
nor could he tell the programme how many victims had been rescued in total .
foti investigated the deaths at memorial medical center , st. rita 's and lafon .
i have to spend another 500 pounds to ask the solicitor to write again .
his firm , like imem , has negotiated agreements with the major record labels .
the second reason might be that the holiday did not live up to expectations .
and so button contested the 1999 british f3 championship with an under-performing renault engine .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.24 gmt on friday 5 february 2010 .
on its own , this isn 't necessarily fatal , but it is damaging .
he didn 't pitch particularly well , throwing 98 pitches in just five innings .
" if i had outsourced that , it would have cost us thousands . "
the response prompted ms. candela and mr. decker to seek a lasting exhibition space .
he worked for the unsuccessful mayoral campaign of city councilman michael woo in 1993 .
they stole eleven saddles worth a total of £ 10,000 from a tack cupboard .
there are healers specialising in shamanism , angel readings and " theta healing . "
they agreed to strengthen humanitarian interventions , bolster agricultural investment and hold trade talks .
aamer 's lawyers believed he would be soon reunited with his family in london .
he has reported on politics and conflicts from baghdad , kabul , and jerusalem .
a pool open to tourists and locals introduced the concept of a leisure centre .
that also holds down costs , which is a central theme at persson associates .
paulson attributed the shift in bailout strategies to " changes in market conditions . "
the corporation missed a big opportunity with children 's television , said the jurors .
at a minimum , this should be heard by a court and a jury .
red wings c henrik zetterberg missed his second game due to a sore groin .
mr zelaya was ousted and forced out of honduras at gunpoint on 28 june .
not even microsoft chairman bill gates appeared able to stay on message this week .
canadian mike weir , the 2003 u.s. masters champion , hit a one-under 69 .
many of the advances in stem cell transplantation techniques used today were developed here .
the fund 's independent board of directors requested the fund 's liquidation in april .
besides cannavaro , italy are also without starting defenders marco materazzi and gianluca zambrotta .
those losses swamped employment gains in government , education , health care and elsewhere .
" this study raises even more questions about octopus personality , " she said .
the weight on heskey 's shoulders to score goals has until now been slight .
they 've succeeded in business , so they should be able to tame government .
fear and suspicion effectively shut down one of gay egypt 's few free outlets .
these works capture the art-versus-journalism dilemma that photographers working in this field must resolve .
three dead goats were later discovered in the same transport truck underneath the muck .
" very compact and easy , no excess motion -- the way she played .
ilya bryzgalov made 18 saves for the ducks to win for the first time .
and i believed him , " brooks said stephney told her during the sept .
and so began a series of projects : they built small homes for families .
a police spokesman said : " we are investigating the circumstances of the incident .
sadly , the nexus one also lacks a multi-touch screen like the iphone 's .
the house and senate also differed on how much economic aid to give pakistan .
most said overheated rhetoric aimed at business travel was at least partly to blame .
it seems a lot of attention has been ( strangely ) placed on klum .
the major airlines have also raised fares about a dozen times in recent months .
using an add-on dvr station ( $ 99 ) was more to my liking .
and so he has weaknesses , " she told al jazeera television in 2008 .
researchers create inter-species hybrids by injecting human dna into a hollowed-out animal egg cell .
mr barber said the vehicle would look to use relatively modest levels of debt .
calligraphy talks , held 11 a.m.-5 p.m. tomorrow , are $ 10- $ 25 .
those states are the ones that should be angry and insulted , not obama .
the staircase leads up to a " light monitor , " with solar panels .
you may not like his politics , but show some respect to his humanity .
we found her from a reputable nanny agency ; we did a background check .
she later wrote a rather splendid memoir and here is a chunk of it .
i felt a nervous rash start to form all the way up my back .
please tax everyone for causing the destruction of the earth and save us all !
heskey wins a recall to the england fold after suffering injury problems last season .
i 've never thought ross funny but then fortunately i don 't know kingkerouac .
it is a problem many believe could be solved by an open source solution .
a progressive society should weigh the moral costs and benefits of practices like these .
the featured words represent a range of emotions expressed by people touched by diabetes .
but once she fell behind obama in the delegate competition , her position shifted .
olympic gymnastics champion li xiaopeng said he could not stand the pressure of expectation .
worcestershire gps are taking their campaign against a new health centre to downing street .
you are here : home / energy resources / india wants iran 's energy ?
the judge in his case also turned away a constitutional challenge to the law .
she said he was her idol and she just wanted to make him proud .
there are millions who still want to ask these questions and hear the story .
brotherton owned a yacht and would sail across the harbour and trespass at will .
they claimed that the tories ' had made £ 22bn of unfunded spending promises .
the game will be available at barnes & noble , borders and jc penney .
but how much of a problem is bribery for foreign firms operating in china ?
" best buy voluntarily pulled all analog-only tuner products from our stores on oct .
he is one of nine protest leaders accused of illegal assembly and inciting unrest .
at least six people have died and hundreds more suffered injuries in the protests .
shake and serve in a martini glass , garnished with a piece of honeycomb .
a simple way to check the intensity of aerobic activity is the talk test .
grant mccann put the home side ahead after 17 minutes but elyaniv barda levelled .
women wear dresses or skirt-blouse ensembles when they have the right to dress down .
a furlong is a unit of distance equal to one eighth of a mile .
they graduate from hanging around on street corners as youths to committing serious offences .
the riffs keep revolving until you feel as if you 're playing them yourself .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.18 gmt on tuesday 2 march 2010 .
but police said it had been advertised on the internet as an all-night party .
at one stage , the wage-bill was running at 90 per cent of turnover .
even professor heyman admits the possibility that losing faith in parental truthfulness is essential .
everywhere people are venting their frustration and increasingly taking their anger to the streets .
" the whole idea of gaining weight is scary , but it 's not .
since 1977 , nearly 12 million students have participated in the stock market game .
that is why it needs new people , " he told a small crowd .
" its production is a story of incompetence , complacency , and cynicism . "
british ownership is indeed an anomaly--but the world is full of them .
the thing about this prank is that it took place at an electronics show .
contrary to what you might have thought , this show was not a revival .
hizb allah is born of palestinian refugees and is not solely " iranian . "
but he had been immersed in politics for many years before running for governor .
a federal judge is expected to issue a court order to euthanize the animals .
he started to open the driver 's-side door , but margaret shoved him aside .
president barack obama offered his condolences to the families and friends of those killed .
a bannu police official said that 10 people had been killed in the attack .
as the crowds have grown , it seems , the sales pitch has softened .
if mangini is fired , holmgren could hire someone or appoint himself as coach .
don 't expect , though , that any one program can close the deficit .
of course david brooks liked this " debate " it was great for mccain .
stiles was a distant friend of the girl 's family , de meo said .
six more candidates have put their names forward for guernsey 's election next month .
how they deal with the militants will be one of their most pressing challenges .
his first three balls are fast and full , slanting across katich 's stumps .
the homeowner had served in iraq and wanted to stop relying on foreign oil .
he has said that an elected second chamber would not be a top priority .
some spend a decade crafting how they sit , speak , walk and gesture .
the ipcc said it would also look at the actions of the officers involved .
this collection was lively and thoughtful and one could marvel at mcqueen 's eloquence .
no _ thomas 11 pass from brees ( thomas run ) , : 07 .
hamilton ( left ) and alonso have moved in opposite directions since last season .
mccain : opposed ban on assault-type weapons ; favored background-check law for gun shows .
true , but all that effort does not make the big thing any smaller .
with the help of norman churches there are more days ' walks to plan .
bad , by any standards , but not quite as dire as might be .
gas lines are installed with pvc pipe that can be punctured with a shovel .
" the differences within fatah could lead to division and fragmentation of the movement .
the england international has already indicated he will plead not guilty to the charge .
he also captured riding titles during the pimlico spring meet and laurel summer meet .
it 's easy to see why blackstone is said to be agitating for change .
many others say the money would help them send their children to good schools .
movie licences are notoriously difficult to develop , often ending up with sub-standard products .
and he dismissed statements by ahmadinejad , who on thursday compared obama to bush .
senate democrats defended baucus as he presided saturday over the chamber 's healthcare debate .
nepal 's maoist leaders spent a lot of time in india while still underground .
there are 31 applications for the 2008 battle , compared to 26 in 2007 .
it means political change on a huge scale and that won 't happen soon .
she already is behind on her utility bills to central hudson gas and electric .
" i know , " she whispered as fresh tears poured down her face .
it eliminates application silos , reduces total cost of ownership and accelerates application development .
ematuwo , of hackney , east london , pleaded guilty to manslaughter last month .
the new version of the vaccine protects against six more varieties of the disease .
we make her eat half a loaf of bread , and disaster is averted .
he considered the announcement as a serious step to enhance trade integration within globalization .
it said it is confident of meeting expected financing requirements for the foreseeable future .
sing into your iphone and suddenly your voice is auto-tuned just like the stars .
net income , excluding special items , fell 14 per cent to $ 614m .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.20 gmt on tuesday 19 january 2010 .
reporting from mexico city -- nab a drug lord , earn $ 2 million .
two lifeboats were launched from cardigan and another from new quay about 1330 gmt .
" the performer was shooting a gun , trying to shoot off some fireworks .
christie 's global presence allows it to sell works wherever they will do best .
he is due to have a malignant growth inside his cheek removed next week .
each log sells for $ 350 ; a set of three is $ 1,000 .
sanguine assurances aside , that will probably be a tough sell with government regulators .
the court heard the two were found with bags containing 399 tickets in batches .
mention conference calls and you will soon discover the corporate world is sharply polarised .
associated press writers jae-soon chang and hyung-jin kim in seoul contributed to this report .
you probably only know of what you take home , not what you earn .
they are still trailing in 12th spot after a run of five straight defeats .
sometimes even the captains jump off and struggle to keep faith with its mission .
her knitwear collections were all created in scotland from the finest cashmere and lambswool .
the gondolas offer views for miles with each providing commentary on the surrounding landscape .
boston is 13-3 on the road , including 4-2 vs. the western conference . ...
as the day progressed , more celebrities tweeted to urge their followers to donate .
a reminder of the good cause in question might have been necessary , too .
the aim is to improve the area and make it more attractive to customers .
in 1997 , 36 percent of high school students said they had smoked recently .
controversial british sprinter dwain chambers won the european indoor 60m title here on sunday .
that was the most on records dating from 1967 and higher than analysts expected .
" you can 't trust a person 100 percent , " mr. rosado said .
this brought to the throne the less-than-popular gyanendra , the former king 's brother .
then , last month , the arc of ms. cook 's career drastically plunged .
that would give the mexican haul an implied value of some $ 2.7 billion .
i 'm happy to avoid it if that 's where the science leads us .
do kids today do that with " dance war : bruno vs. carrie-anne " ?
the planetary society 's first solar sail , cosmos 1 , never reached orbit .
two former lobbyists had been charged under the espionage act for disseminating sensitive information .
the price of reformulated blendstock gasoline fell 0.0025 cents to $ 2.7471 per gallon .
innocent : those who occupy the park do not seek to destroy the gorillas .
a bloggers ' revolt has forced china to abandon efforts to censor the internet .
nevertheless the fashion for completeness has been gaining hold on the classical recording industry .
activists and social workers cite new momentum behind their effort to curtail the practice .
those without had to do a one-year llm at an aba-accredited course in america .
you 'd never know you were in a golf resort in the marbellan hillside .
the dispute creates a dilemma for the governing labor party , the newspaper said .
what 's unique about the cso approach is its combination of razzle-dazzle and high-mindedness .
great column , especially the parts about maternity leave and work / life balance .
ing shares were trading 4.81 per cent higher at € 6.89 in afternoon trading .
the insurance institute of highway safety did a study on 60 different booster seats .
traditionally , shell uses its scenarios without expressing a preference for one over another .
i just sit down , close my eyes and rest and enjoy the show .
a name known to every indian household. also for those from outside producers .
these new machines won 't be perfect , of course ; machines never are .
finally we arrived at the dealership in richmond to replace keith 's balding tire .
the idea of being immortalised in glamorous clothes and flattering light is endlessly appealing .
officials are assessing the damage from the storm , which slammed into the coast .
food sales were also down , falling by 2.4 per cent on the month .
while the other two men returned and were prosecuted , soltren remained in cuba .
they are thought to have lost a £ 1.5 million deposit by walking away .
eight afghan nationals have been discovered attempting to enter the uk in a lorry .
but what if he came to love his father , only to lose him ?
" let 's apply to education the criteria you would apply to anything else .
but the nfl also appealed , hoping to get broader protection from antitrust lawsuits .
that makes it harder for republicans to swallow the idea of stevens resigning now .
then japan , like china now , had an economic model that seemed unstoppable .
nelson is the subcommittee 's chairman and vitter is the subcommittee 's ranking republican .
and from the hot tub on the deck come the high-pitched squeals of grandchildren .
" i have lived with 24-hour protection for three years , " he said .
stoudemire 's third consecutive basket with 9 : 05 left punctuated the decisive swing .
22 ) : you tend to see relationships through too much calculation and suspicion .
charles said the vast majority of his friends felt the same way as him .
" everything is based on winning and losing , " said wasps scrum-half reddan .
are you welcome to use the pool , the pool table or the computer ?
you 've spent time with the judge 's family , how are they faring ?
prince charles said the destruction was happening at a " truly terrifying pace . "
a clever businessman , weil was always unwilling to compromise his principles for profit .
he had found himself cornered and alone on the subway platform near city hall .
the bodies were found by the felixstowe harbour master and the harwich inshore lifeboat .
here 's a good story for you socialist " health care reform " lovers .
this year , it was the norwegian coast and up into the arctic circle .
a group that helped elect the president is being reshaped to push healthcare legislation .
for reynolds , big brown 's first trainer , it was a bittersweet time .
" we are getting closer to inter and it will be an extraordinary game .
where foreign bands with expatriate followings or decades-off-the-charts rock groups play to fan clubs ?
mr. castleman would have had to leave his post to run for district attorney .
eventually , after badgering a dozen people , i was given a cell-phone number .
surely they bucked the trend by using fernando torres and david villa up front .
there is nothing difficult about a global business paying a non-dom outside the uk .
still , a spokesman for issa argued in favor of the house 's decision .
it is unclear whether the attack was related to the massacre four day earlier .
the couple were however overjoyed upon hearing news of the anonymous donor 's reward .
muller will need the rest , because sunday was his second straight five-set match .
do you blog by yourself ? -- nicole smith , keego harbor , mich .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.37 gmt on monday 22 march 2010 .
most of the scientific work so far has focused on women with breast cancer .
when the miners surrendered , it was obvious that the union movement was beaten .
the project will cost less than $ 10,000 , according to a knights spokesman .
indeed we have to ask : where is the alternative thinking from the government ?
and they got it right , he was the most trusted man in america .
council members friday authorized a $ 75,000 reward in the case , he said .
1.17pm : it 's pinball in the box as manchester united force themselves forward .
three of the suspects had been fired for unrelated reasons , correction officials said .
economists say consumers seem increasingly divided into " haves " and " have-nots . "
the baking soda helps remove buildup while the baby powder soaks up excess oil .
the court heard that forsyth had been drinking and taking drugs before the attack .
we don 't know exactly how many of the accounts were opened by undergraduates .
why then did this new batch of red ink still come as a shock ?
it underlined the folly of failing to give flintoff the new ball at cardiff .
now contrast all that with what is going on right across the southern hemisphere .
shares in the company rose 14 cents to $ 9.81 in morning trading monday .
treasury bond prices fell after the economic readings and ahead of the fed decision .
as our children have got heavier , more and more have passed these benchmarks .
last week 's earthquake has devastated haiti , and prompted a massive relief effort .
it would stand to reason that everyone else on the flight is as well .
in lahore , in the east , gunmen targetted at least three police centres .
i 'd be proud to have detroit as part of the name of anything .
what 's more , the department is widely reported to be dysfunctional and demoralized .
he noted that recent developments have left political parties in a comparatively weakened position .
obama also issued a warning about the go-go mentality gleaned from the boom years .
boyle 's hardscrabble story has only added to the emotional tug of her tale .
we could conceivably do a deal as late as 2012 , " carrion said .
last year there were 140 reported sexual assaults by illegal minicab drivers in london .
one relative attacked a defendant and another was dragged from the courtroom screaming obscenities .
he said hun agreed to stop pursuing the issue at the u.n. security council .
earlier this month , a hotel fire in eastern zhejiang province killed 11 people .
mr atkins said there would be a special assembly in her memory on monday .
we are writing as individuals privileged to experience the peace process at close hand .
gm , however , prefers a rival bid from brussels-based investment group rhj international .
after those discouraging results , hoff dropped out of the 100 and 800 freestyles .
the kurdish rebel group is fighting for independence in kurdish regions in southeastern turkey .
the optional 18-inch tires tend to follow ruts and other imperfections in the pavement .
it 's the result of a corporate sellout trying to compromise with deliberate sabotage .
and then along came zenyatta , whose sensational performance turned everything on its head .
militants used rocket-propelled grenades and small-arms and indirect fire to attack a coalition-afghan patrol .
on the black market , however , that same bag can fetch $ 45 .
ban also calls for a " push for real progress " on nuclear disarmament .
a construction worker touches up a wall made with plastic bottles inside the ecoark .
mr. joseph 's mother died on july 17 , 2003 , of throat cancer .
the trust must save £ 36m over the next three years through efficiency savings .
again , the national league got out of the inning without allowing a run .
it is very hard to feel sad when you are playing with a puppy .
the main point is that america is prepared to act , and act decisively .
what injury have i done you that you resolve to punish me thus ? "
california gov. arnold schwarzenegger , a mccain ally , also opposes offshore drilling .
devin gordon : i 'm just relieved the guy got out of there alive .
a goodnight to his friend the doorman at the connaught hotel , then bed .
utah had better hope so , in light of its dreary 15-25 road record .
" you 'll have to wait for the ceremony , " a spokesman said .
nkunda pledged to respect a shaky ceasefire and take part in u.n.-backed peace negotiations .
hd vod titles per month by year-end. television into a seamless user experience .
it found there were " weaknesses " in how staff illness was dealt with .
katv anchorwoman anne pressly was found brutally beaten in her bed in october 2008 .
no , the rookie isn 't taking over as some were suggesting this week .
there have been a string of air force mishaps and problems relating to weapons .
zakaria : former sen. george mitchell was assigned as special envoy on the issue .
the question will be whether that showing will carried over into a westminster election .
he said authorities were investigating how the children managed to slip through the cracks .
however , kitajima recently indicated he may compete at the london olympics in 2012 .
surely i would not under any circumstances want to have a beer with him .
meanwhile the county was working with rescue groups to offer the rabbits for adoption .
not to do so risks repeating the experience of iraq , " he said .
accordingly , it seems unlikely that anything can now prevent a pretty deep recession .
pay to read : the times says its fee plan will start next year .
argentina haven 't lost at home in 10 years , winning 12 straight ties .
what i would like to know if there is an historical precedence to this .
he thought an oldsmobile could jump to the moon off the bridge at chappaquiddick .
10. and sellers on razorgator.com , " says stephen cucci , co-founder of razorgator .
depending on the season , double rooms start at 884 to 1,105 local dollars .
north korea and iran are already known to co-operate intensively in developing nuclear-capable missiles .
for their part , the chinese tourists found taiwan " tatty and rundown . "
chilcot has defended the need for some evidence to be heard behind closed doors .
these scenes , lasting 20 minutes or so , are achingly intimate and tender .
the delegation will later meet in beijing with president hu jintao and other leaders .
popovich 's major adjustment in this series came in game 3 in san antonio .
" we were not able to get an accurate assessment , " he added .
my personal experience leads me to believe the convention to be related to sports .
they confiscated their notebooks , their id cards , their cameras , their watches .
can 't wait until i 'm contacted again by the rnc for a contribution .
7 - adolescence : no other animal undergoes the stroppy , unpredictable teenage years .
to stand up for the values we hold dear and the freedom they defended .
but we all know aipac / neocons are still there and pushing against him .
carpet right no change to prices of current stock but future policy not set .
the sport trac 's slick-shifting six-speed automatic has the avalanche 's four-speed outgeared anyway .
brianna hertzberg in dark purple lip color and tabitha ellis in orange at inglot .
carl azuz , cnn student news : check it out : cross-species identity crisis .
" my priority is the policymaking , not the position , " she says .
california is facing a $ 20 billion shortfall through the middle of next year .
bo 's approval ratings have dropped 10 + points in the last 10-15 days .
thousands more afghan and pakistani troops and civilians have been killed , he said .
and he had received legal advice that there were valid contracts requiring the payments .
u-conn. easily surpassed the previous mark of 131 it set in 2000 and 2001 .
but i don 't issue that challenge without some support to back it up .
she wants the ceremony as soon a possible , " the paper was told .
four years later , thaksin remains at the center of thailand 's political conflict .
we are a world leader in tree planting for environmental restoration and carbon sequestration .
during wednesday 's warmups , marshall walked while the rest of the team ran .
kercher 's case drew widespread attention in europe and abroad for its gruesome details .
the survey also found one in four britons believes private schools should be abolished .
he encouraged mr and mrs thorne to get in contact with guinness world records .
this system was introduced for the first time last year to elect local councillors .
" countrywide was at their side -- as an insolvency enabler , " mr .
but achieving its ambitious targets is proving tricky and it is years behind schedule .
grampian police said they were expected to appear at aberdeen sheriff court on thursday .
my sons offered me a transplant but i wouldn 't take it from them .
underdog arizona state could use a big play or two from its special teams .
" many people are surprised when told about the admiral 's show business roots .
the list shows that the roberts court is generating lots of notable oral dissents .
obama 's vacation plans echo those of the last democratic president , bill clinton .
more importantly it is unfair , " the campaign said in an anonymous statement .
people here are still buzzing about the angolans ' comeback against senegal last weekend .
this number will tell you how many months it will take to break even .
he declined to say which parts might be lined up for disposal and when .
money of course , is always welcome ... but time is just as valuable .
but it had nothing to do with the food supply or mad cow disease .
the rabbinate liked the idea , as long as strict religious guidelines were followed .
neither figure includes the full cost of fighting the wars in iraq and afghanistan .
is the law absorbing the realities and complications of the new definition of family ?
more than 100 palestinians died and an israeli soldier was killed during that month .
other brands are e glaxosmithkline plc 's boniva and warner chilcott plc 's actonel .
their lawyers , however , will be keeping an eye on the supreme court .
the church has emphasized that board members act in the church 's best interest .
onto the stage , two of rey 's assistants bring shalini aurora from odenton .
if we 're not part of the solution we 're part of the problem .
when the snow falls , there are fewer better places to be in scotland .
you can vary the pace at which visitors progress through the garden , too .
now that red and yellow are out , thailand may again be turning pink .
the duo became involved in a nightclub fracas and were arrested by the police .
i was hoping to just get a glimpse of him from down the hall .
the rnli has welcomed the move and urged other shops to do the same .
the exact amount of oil that leaked from the ship is not yet clear .
third-quarter net income misses forecasts , but the firm sees upbeat signs in asia .
" i believe it will eventually be good for sales , " she said .
the victoria 's secret model wouldn 't mind breaking bread with a certain royal .
often when i return home the living room will be full of the neighbors .
the gene works in a similar manner in zebrafish as it does in humans .
chicago ( ap ) - when the wind blows , the cradle will rock .
we send our condolences to all the people of pakistan on this tragic occasion .
i have always liked him and taken notice of how he is getting on .
" we are working on that assumption , " one senior military official says .
linfield are sixth in the carling premiership but just four points behind pacesetters crusaders .
the new life church is one of colorado 's largest with about 10,000 members .
the money should help troubled lenders make new loans and keep credit lines open .
much of it comprises fynbos , low shrubby vegetation renowned for spectacular floral displays .
they realize they made a huge mistake in electing obama and his liberal croonies .
jeff bridges of " crazy heart " wins best drama actor at golden globes .
we 'd have a better america if more folks did what i 'm doing .
each side accuses the other of killing civilians in the long running civil conflict .
just wonder how you feel , not that i would expect a real answer .
mark hughes , the blackburn rovers manager , has distanced himself from the job .
it belongs to a series of strategies global panel has advocated off-the-record for years .
mauro zarate scored a spectacular opening goal as lazio reached the coppa italia final .
top shiite leaders such as abdul aziz al-hakim spent years in exile in tehran .
mr asmus is caustic about the outside world 's failure to forestall the conflict .
in many ways his main subject would seem to be class , not race .
the elantra now is a mid-size automobile , on the lower end of mid-size .
woods ' pain was apparent from thursday 's start through monday 's playoff finish .
all about air disasters • buffalo ( new york ) • continental airlines inc .
she was scheduled to perform thursday night at cleveland state university 's wolstein center .
the aircraft and crew will start a 10-hour , 7-day-a-week operation from 1 april .
the trial , which is expected to last at least until october , continues .
in your opinion : what obstacles do inmates face upon their release from prison ?
some of the organisations which could be affected are questioning the lack of details .
michael conboy , of saxcourt , hull , was reported missing on 20 april .
in exchange for washburn , 34 , the mariners picked up two stellar pitchers .
he motors out when tides are fair to save gas , his big expense .
he was the only non-hungarian to win the title in its first eight years .
but if so , the benefit was small and there were side-effects to consider .
they responded by winning their seventh straight in their series with st. john 's .
the led lighting is augmented by lots of natural daylight from the two-story windows .
they 're just trying to derail the attempts to regulate them through empty threats .
like a cat with nine lives , comet survived his share of near tragedies .
" rules about which products should go on which shelves would be seriously misguided .
preciado also was wanted on a federal charge of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution .
iaea inspectors predict the heavy-water reactor near arak won 't be completed until 2011 .
a woman outside a bombed apartment block in gori , georgia , on thursday .
specifically , he wants to prevent people paying their bills online on a saturday .
before parker , it was a department that had some significant racists in it .
they include dr ebrahim yazdi , dr mohammad maleki , and engineer behzad nabavi .
bowden does , after all , have a degree from a top business school .
i admired the fact that she was a brand before people could be brands .
it really depends on the quality of the property and of course on location .
in baltimore , they are immersed in science and math , church and sports .
officers were called to parkview terrace in abercwmboi at around 1915 bst on friday .
we want diversity , but we don 't want it to be an argument .
the defense department gave a little help when needed to robots racing on saturday .
no longer needy , basic and local it became an urge for the high-minded .
another worry is that anti-piracy enforcement may have weakened during china 's economic slowdown .
crowley couldn 't have racked up a better selection of pensioners to annoy clarence .
there have been signs of a softening of the north 's usually harsh rhetoric .
blair said it would be unfair to deny developing nations the chance to expand .
awkward in the frame -- well , who hasn 't felt that way sometime ?
the mounting concern over knife violence among teenagers is reflected in sunday 's papers .
it 's a bit like ford creating a mondeo that runs exclusively on cannabis .
and eating fish once or twice a week reduces that risk by a third .
a goldman sachs analyst thinks the united states is poised for 7 percent growth .
it did focus on the ethics reform platform on which both had vigorously campaigned .
" she was hysterical , she was hurt , " said the 57-year-old sapia .
the museum will receive live shipments once or twice a week , organizers say .
the european parliament in may voted to provide nearly $ 300 million for nabucco .
mcfarland said he 'll be slow to hire again even after business picks up .
that case was also argued in september ; it was decided by early december .
students cover the same material and take the same tests as peers on campus .
her role as the supportive wife , however , won 't come so easy .
opium poppies ( papaver somniferum ) are becoming a lucrative crop for british farmers .
what makes our site unique is the value we 're bringing to our members .
it could be a turning point , says bbc north america editor justin webb .
on thursday , police said wonder checked into a hospital for personal medical reasons .
residents want it shut down permanently , citing noise , trash and parking problems .
i appreciate dr. fish 's intellectual right to carefully analyze the arguments somewhat dispassionately .
the first attempt during a spacewalk on monday was stymied by a misfit pin .
at telnic.org , individuals can see how their account will look on a simulator .
oh , i 've seen a thousand pelés in every sport i have watched .
plus , wright has a knack for getting his team ready for the tournament .
19 ) : you take bad luck personally , especially if it involves money .
lieberman had praised hagee during his speech to the pastor 's group last year .
unemployment is set to rise despite indications that british economy has returned to growth .
" i had met lakhvir in lucky 's house and i spoke to her .
the strong institutions are certainly lacking in barack obama 's african home - kenya .
does either karren or michelle have an eyebrow as mobile as that of margaret ?
but u.s. troops will back off within 16 months , as obama has promised .
i 'm glad you are picking what i hope will be a sustainable pace .
" as long as one of us beats cameron , " mr. peck replied .
though he tried to return that season , he eventually took a medical redshirt .
the company launched its promotion in may on " the oprah winfrey show . "
it appeared linebacker antonio pierce hit avant early , but no flag was thrown .
niscota license and an earn-out linked to the level of the future oil price .
" when i die , my body will be gone , " i begin .
australia dispatched more than 200 extra soldiers and police to timor-leste after the shooting .
but prosecutor graham mclachlan said the 19-year-old " did not welcome " his calls .
admitting liberal democrat sympathies , he added : " i can see both sides .
lampuuk was one of the villages that felt the full force of the tsunami .
after ethics reform , jindal said , economic development would be his next priority .
like the downey film , speed racer is plenty satisfying in traditional action-movie terms .
but republicans were running out of options in their quest to derail the overhaul .
leekin began adopting them in 1988 , when she lived in new york city .
there 's no question that america 's great outdoors is a paradise for pets .
as she peels potatoes she recalls her family 's survival through the bad times .
under germany 's federal system , education is mainly the responsibility of the states .
msft has the cash and the willpower to set the market price for yhoo .
like many great ideas , spotted by locals was conceived after a few beers .
the usgs reported at least seven aftershocks , all measuring less than magnitude 2.0 .
" their execution has surpassed our own in mobile experiences , " said ozzie .
rafsanjani is a former ally of khamenei who has since become a key rival .
" having attended the workshop , i feel reinvigorated , " zeba raman declares .
you have to give the folks at the passport services office points for creativity .
cork-born 27-year-old pro griffin was the championship 's gt cup title winner in 2003 .
this was his longest of 12 starts since a complete game on may 23 .
fear and anger drive it more than other factors because of the unique circumstances .
i 'll bet we are still talking about this topic in two more weeks .
dungannon bossed the early exchanges and terry fitzpatrick fired just wide on four minutes .
he added that he hopes to see his daughter and her brood again soon .
meanwhile , canada reported its first confirmed flu death in the western alberta province .
the company 's web site says it manufactures transformers at the st. louis site .
a post-mortem examination revealed he died of multiple injuries consistent with a considerable fall .
these two kits consist of cigarette-shaped swabs that turn pink when they detect lead .
3 , received the first loan installment the next day and was hired feb .
the two people say blackmun will be announced as the new ceo on wednesday .
according to myfoxkc.com , police suspect that watkins has been abusing children since 1982 .
( 06831 ) , dropped 15 % , while homes in wayzata , minn .
glavine said he never gave up on returning to atlanta to finish his career .
it 's very good news , " said rick campagna at 300 north capital .
however , he said the payment would not be made in a lump sum .
to understand why the industry changed , you need to look back to 1992 .
the effect is remarkable , making the entire film hum with a high-tension energy .
" bubonic , suppurating , has required antibiotic intervention , " reports one correspondent .
if you talk about multiculturalism , that does not just include people of color .
edmans 's shot sailed over the net , and nyarko was limited after that .
" she was a beautiful bubbly girl with her whole life ahead of her .
to get ahead in today 's legal world , however , forget legal education .
for instance , blackstone group ceo stephen schwarzman made $ 400 million in 2006 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.24 gmt on monday 1 february 2010 .
a joint police and health and safety executive investigation is continuing into the matter .
twenty-eight-year-old china arnold chose not to be in the courtroom for monday 's sentencing .
the official said the prisoners sneaked out while the visitors were leaving the prison .
the company had previously sweetened its original offer of $ 12bn to $ 13.5bn.
the hotel will decide whom to subpoena on a case-by-case basis , he said .
the president 's budget would make $ 34.8 billion in pell grant aid available .
2009 could rank among the top-five warmest years , the u.n. weather agency said .
" it 's basically nato passing the hat around , " an official said .
here 's a look at six common mistakes parents make when feeding their children .
then , two days before fontelle was to move in , bob harrod disappeared .
he had received a visa to study arabic in a school in san 'a .
" it 's a very , very complex thing , " the actor says .
despite a big promotional budget , mlb has not made much of an impression .
so will an underwater cable from venezuela , due to come online next year .
so for now , they left the cables in the configuration they were in .
president barack obama presented his recommendations for the 2010 fiscal year to congress thursday .
charles t. lanktree , eggland 's best president and chief executive officer. evaluator .
lopes reported seeing two or three younger children who also were not in school .
the special operations sergeant watched in amazement as the villagers walked to the truck .
we are not talking about single men , aging aunts or college kids here .
a scottish widows deal permits parents to guarantee just a portion of the mortgage .
nearly five million people were now in " temporary shelter " following the earthquake .
vanderbilt ( 3-1 ) made its first six field goal attempts and never trailed .
treatment for burn injuries depends on the severity of the burn , experts say .
sure enough , the boston ace got into an argument--with kenny lofton .
the independent police complaints commission will manage a cleveland police investigation into its inquiry .
it was killed by one of the guards with a shot to the head .
unconfirmed reports say the attack followed an argument between the gunman and his girlfriend .
xinhua reported that they were " all in a safe and controllable state . "
earlier this month the company announced working hours at the plant would be reduced .
depending on your moral constitution , they are silently beckoning , or silently mocking .
all ticket prices include sales tax , but exclude applicable service / handling fees .
after that , guitarist joe perry said tyler needed to get his act together .
any hits to the helmet of defenseless receivers also are being targeted for elimination .
the $ 10 million film is one of bollywood 's biggest productions this year .
but it is alleged he did not repay the investment money or any profits .
kuo , 58 , is a naturalized u.s. citizen and a native of taiwan .
with some people , the 1990 reunification of the country remains a sore point .
there wasn 't any because all those workers went to the growing auto industry .
she is a human chemical that drastically changes the perception of barack obama himself .
wildlife officials pull the manatee from chilly massachusetts waters on saturday , october 11 .
for instance the b12 , folic acid and b6 trio for heart disease prevention .
" the implication is that it 's temporary in nature until fuel prices drop .
wolves were driven out of switzerland in the 19th century , but are returning .
in germany the government held a summit earlier this month to discuss the problem .
in 2008 , voters in hawaii , connecticut and illinois soundly rejected similar proposals .
its new windows vista os is widely seen as too resource-hungry for those machines .
" the more i struggled with donna , the harder she pushed on me .
mr. fuller left the company two months ago , but he remains a consultant .
but general schneiderhan has , in effect , called mr zu guttenberg a liar .
afghan police in their olive-green uniforms quickly closed off the area of the blast .
" it was very emotional , " chagas said , in her limited english .
this is becoming to appear like a well planned , slow motion train wreck .
the effect is remarkable , and the promise of the technology even more so .
but sir fred particularly won big shareholders round with his impressive grasp of detail .
nasa always prefers to land the space shuttles at their home base in florida .
notes : lakers c andrew bynum , sidelined since injuring his left knee jan .
the incident left hundreds of vehicles backed up in both directions , wkbw-tv reported .
" i can 't write checks without money ; that 's against the law .
he added that it was unclear whether the machines were above or below ground .
this has been going on for years , $ 1,000.00 toilet seats and hammers .
tel aviv in particular is one of the more liberal cities in the world .
appa grew up in the everest foothills and first climbed the mountain in 1989 .
" we are here to keep them in checks , " replied his colleague .
" our business is also growing at a strong pace , " he said .
the figures compare the fourth quarter of 2009 with the fourth quarter of 2008 .
so , as he analyzes the red sox , he sees a powerful team .
simultaneous chess offers a useful metaphor for barack obama 's approach to foreign policy .
if you thought the japanese worked longer hours , you are so last decade .
what 's more , 2666 is about three characters in search of an author .
both may be at risk from bankruptcy if they fail to raise more cash .
that 's the latest in a string of surveys that have found similar results .
these regional requirements and standards are very costly for manufacturers and for us consumers .
around the massive , immaculate oval table sat the 16 members of the ioc .
the suns used their defense to key a 20-5 run in the second quarter .
he had been working for developers in northern new jersey , the times said .
they are among several burning across southern california that have broken out since sunday .
but another newspaper , the times , seemed to get confirmation of a sort .
" i 'm sure it smelled real bad in there , " he said .
granholm signed a 30-day extension of michigan 's budget , which expired at midnight .
with the crowd turning on her hingis served underarm while facing two match points .
in addition to her husband , she is survived by a granddaughter and great-granddaughter .
german chancellor angela merkel described britain 's tax as an " attractive idea . "
aid workers are extremely worried about tens of thousands of people in the area .
liverpool midfielder javier mascherano has agreed to captain argentina under new coach diego maradona .
one need look no further than goldman sachs for the answer to that question .
the 40-year-old already has a one-year-old son called oscar with her partner mark griffiths .
ucla spokesman marc dellins said austin had a strained neck and a mild concussion .
none of that stuff happened , none of his friends flew on the plane .
rates start at just $ 85 a night for an overnight in chic montmartre !
ringles on the release schedule are a mixture of current records and old favorites .
initially , mr king gave qe six months before it would start taking effect .
a chance meeting with an officer sends him on his way to starfleet academy .
oprah winfrey may have a larger role in sen. barack obama 's presidential campaign .
finding bin laden is " one of our major priorities , " panetta said .
deputies say the woman was also doused with hot water while being sexually assaulted .
neighbors remember him as a generous man who enjoyed quiet respect and cheap beer .
eighteen percent said it has not done anything to help improve their personal situation .
those " ministerial committees " will be coordinated by palestinian prime minister salam fayyad .
why should i be a party to the miseducation of the american people ? "
by declaring his commitment finite , he removes the psychological force from his surge .
her father gavin said boporan 's father ranjit offered the cash after they met .
there isn 't that much adversity , there isn 't that much to overcome .
rather than integrate into the community at large , they settled in sequestered chinatowns .
all three men admitted that lessons had to be learned from the banking crisis .
offering price of $ 8.00 per unit , generating gross proceeds of $ 30,000,000 .
but britain has insisted that national bodies have the final say on financial penalties .
" so i started going missing for a few nights - i was 11 .
lumidee , who is of puerto rican heritage , grew up in spanish harlem .
studies have shown that shopping leisurely in a grocery store leads to more spending .
so why did the police not follow the correct process and go barging in ?
they don 't call it plug and pray for nothing in the windows world .
urawa are coached by german gert engels and currently sit second in the j-league .
the vast majority of abortions -- 35 million -- were in the developing world .
among the critics was costas panagopoulos , a political science professor at fordham university .
chief advocate irwin elman delivered his first annual report to the ontario legislature monday .
his mother had loved him enough , and her love lasted beyond the grave .
there are days i wonder if joining dot earth was really a good idea ?
" it 's going to take us a while to get out of this .
it was at least excusable for the other candidates to attack the front runner .
rhubarb can also be blanched , diced , and added to salsas and salads .
congressional critics , meanwhile , lambasted the agency and called for an independent investigation .
he also voted to authorize construction of a 700-mile fence along the u.s.-mexican border .
le tallec and valenciennes defender williams martinez were both sent off for exchanging blows .
nissan spokesman brian brockman said no additional workers have been hired for nv production .
cuban president fidel castro has applauded cuban voters for taking part in parliamentary elections .
simultaneously , of course , they want to be respected as a serious profession .
but the lobbyist can make a campaign contribution worth far more than the ticket .
cnn : so what was your reaction after the " teen choice awards " ?
" i didn 't last time , and i don 't this time . "
a two-litre bottle of basic cider cost £ 1.21 , or 6.1p per 100ml .
twice i have had to add a decade to the arrival of that time .
reifler hired good people -- and paid them well , often offering guaranteed bonuses .
rob howley has warned wales ' triumphant heroes their grand slam party is over .
and the interaction between the hosts could seem jarring and even off-putting at times .
in the process , any middle ground in the dispute has been swept away .
but stallone is no lightweight when it comes to box office and critical success .
we 're preparing to determine american policy for at least the next four years .
band of skulls provides a jangle of pleasant buzzing guitars on " friends . "
her case brought the number of bird flu cases in the country to 126 .
two cases of scarlet fever have been confirmed at a primary school in kent .
general motors corp. plunged 76 cents , or 21 percent , to $ 2.86 .
they demanded pay increases , improved housing and better transportation services to construction sites .
" otherwise , the spaces are going to be empty , " he said .
we have three moullah 's in albany ( shelly , david & malcolm ) .
not really committed to getting one more democrat to the polls for the mid-terms ?
stuff like that is the only thing that really keeps me in on this .
" but sometimes what you think and what actually happened can be different things .
iberia described 2009 as " one of the worst years in its history . "
dad leant in close and told his son how proud he was of him .
" we won 't hesitate to use a breathalyzer , " mr. mundy said .
the agency issued a further 27 lower-risk flood warnings , mostly for these areas .
two walkers rescued from snowdon on sunday night have been criticised by mountain rescuers .
tess , watching from her chaise longue , threw her hands up in frustration .
murphy was accused of molesting some 200 boys at a school for the deaf .
" i 'm not thinking about beating them three straight , " bryant said .
former uk prime minister tony blair is widely seen as a candidate for president .
should the eu show leadership and ban all but the most energy efficient light-bulbs ?
police said four of the men are from kazakhstan and one is from belarus .
those ad prices are largely determined by how well returning shows do this year .
in this one day alone , cuddy was called the b-word four separate times .
however , wall street also offered some reason for optimism for homebuilders on thursday .
associated press writer jeannie nuss and rodrique ngowi in boston contributed to this report .
" certainly we have been working with the chinese government on new projects . "
the problem is especially visible in areas that attracted speculative buyers during the boom .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.24 gmt on tuesday 23 february 2010 .
" i come here as the best dog in show , " he said .
first of all , at 58 , he rocks like there 's no tomorrow .
" but it 's just a very tough climate for republicans everywhere right now .
in the ensuing confrontation ms kercher was sexually attacked and her throat was cut .
mohammad ahmed 's handover is believed to be the first part of this process .
a man 's body has been pulled out of the river severn in shropshire .
the prosecution did not return calls about whether it plans to appeal the ruling .
retailers will begin amping up deals this week , npd analyst marshal cohen said .
fairplay helps ... i pay once and everyone in our family can use it .
many had refused to leave their coconut and vegetable farms during the harvest time .
but the bitter memory of their fate has been kept alive through nine decades .
the mounting pressure has caused chains to insert healthier food choices in their menus .
events also include dance and multi-sports for children aged seven and over with disabilities .
considering its low risk , that might be a safe option , experts said .
torii hunter followed with a single to left to score angels ' lone run .
new jersey , brodeur , danis ( 1 : 00 , third period ) .
details of the research were published in a paper in the journal nature nanotechnology .
critics say mrs palin used her power as governor to settle a personal feud .
estimates of how many kids have adhd range from 4 percent to 12 percent .
but last night mccarthy made a conscious decision to shrug and surrender three points .
they have also , he says , led to death threats from the north .
( ap ) - stumped about what to give that special someone this christmas ?
comintelli develops , markets and sells the award-winning product knowledge xchanger ( tm ) .
google , shmoogle--it 's farshlugener , with the accent on the shlug .
the top 50 at the year end will be certain of places at augusta .
i seem to putt a lot better on those than on the west coast .
conrad said bennett 's amendment had passed unanimously , without a roll call vote .
bush capped the drive with the 4-yard run on third-and-goal to make it 7-0 .
authorities said a mapping error earlier overestimated the number of acres burned at 3,580 .
pulte 's acquisition of centex is expected to be completed in the third quarter .
a combination of airlines could help the resulting carrier boost revenue and cut costs .
they say they cannot overturn a supreme court ruling forbidding zelaya 's reinstatement .
" are we here to talk or to drink ? " he asks sternly .
the uk pension annuities market has tripled in size in the last 15 years .
i asked sabrina whether she thought from the beginning that it was a homicide .
recently , he announced a new scholarship program for the children of police officers .
the american decision disregarded biblical authority by violating clear biblical teaching against homosexual behaviour .
" i couldn 't bear the thought of tom dying of thirst or hunger .
yes , by buying a product called a credit default swap ( cds ) .
new hampshire-based icad inc is one company providing computer-aided detection or ct colonography equipment .
a third of the population is nomadic and depends on livestock for a living .
the recent worldwide economic crisis hit toyota hard -- and toyota city got walloped .
and this time , he has freshman o.j. mayo along for the ride .
let 's say you 're an investor who has been following hewlett-packard for ages .
a befriending project and family centre in the county have also been given money .
when he does , all the pressure will be for a purely staged visit .
oxfordshire rail commuters are set to benefit from new plans outlined by network rail .
garcia also retained luis carranza , a favorite of investors , as finance minister .
the film caused such outrage her co-star harry reems was subsequently convicted of obscenity .
he said : " we cannot put our contractor 's staff at risk .
a security guard on duty intercepted them but was shot dead by the attackers .
however , your creativity does not follow a schedule , only its own course .
series details : first test ( kandy ) sri lanka won by 88 runs .
but there 's a second-tier race under way in the 1,100-mile trek to nome .
( nasdaq : atvi ) today announced december quarter and calendar year financial results .
but look carefully at the focus of all that wrangling , the lisbon treaty .
( kiwi was a hit , but eggplant didn 't get much love . )
here , the company stopped lending new mortgages to uk customers 14 weeks ago .
local loyalists hope that their eco-friendly beacon will help to clean up their image .
in my opinion , it is people like her that need to be banned !
as if to make up , benedict has scheduled several jewish events this week .
he also praised the work of catania , who heads the council health committee .
mr nizeyimana was one of the tribunal 's last 12 indictees still at large .
cnn 's khadijah rentas , sonya hamasaki and lynn lamanivong contributed to this report .
residents get either a rural hukou or an urban hukou , depending on birthplace .
at first ponder , ski and snowboard resorts seem strange places to find ghosts .
last year he posted a 5-2 record with a 2.81 era and 40 saves .
but you wouldn 't know that , simply because you don 't want to .
many who invested with mr ezzedine still refuse to believe that he defrauded them .
it 's a sales gimmick that modern newspapers have not got round to copying .
besides , there 's no been indication of exactly what hout said to him .
and we genuinely need this institute to power demonstration projects , " said head .
as entrances go , it couldn 't have turned out better for roy keane .
i know some have been offensive in the past , but this is overcorrection .
the department 's producer price index measures inflation pressures before they reach the consumer .
the ground has turned into a bouncy castle in the last couple of minutes .
the charity warned that the recession will have a particularly hard impact on children .
the bbc 's michael bristow , in dujiangyan , says aftershocks have struck regularly .
legions of policemen attended the taped-off crime scene , but wouldn 't answer questions .
joe cole had the same thing and that 's what has happened with jags .
the welsh rugby union ( wru ) executive board will discuss the issue later .
( it 's from a cover shot of obama featured on time magazine . )
the government 's actions in the past two days seemed to bear this out .
if this doesn 't produce consensus toward the votes that count , what will ?
scrap metal was up by 8.6 % and fertiliser imports rose by 5 % .
college student jane cuthbert and research technician allison walsh were killed in september 2005 .
more than 40 contestants were judged on quality , novelty , duration and loudness .
that document included the policy that police be notified of every sexual abuse case .
her advisers pinpoint that inartful two-minute answer as the moment when the race turned .
wow , 3 whole posts in a day on swampland , all by kt .
30 when his humvee overturned in a noncombat-related accident in baghdad 's karada neighborhood .
a : don 't worry--the epa has no plans to control breathing .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.17 gmt on sunday 8 november 2009 .
chaos and uncertainty in pakistan appears to have slowed down the peace process anyway .
nobu is nothing but honest about what they serve and where it comes from .
they have got outstanding individuals but there is no ' i ' in team .
tamim and other dubai police officials could not be immediately reached for further comment .
good luck , i hope contacting the fire commander will mean action happens promptly .
the unions have such a great track record of making us industry globally competive .
astonishingly , it is the first that england have conceded in the entire series .
few games are decided by one player as much as sunday 's loss was .
malaria has also taken a physical toll , with the farmers suffering repeated bouts .
this , in turn , exacerbates the " too big to fail " problem .
they also are trying to determine whether martin was part of a biker gang .
officers are continuing to investigate and additional charges related to the shooting are possible .
the poorly marked sea border is a constant source of tension between the koreas .
three years ago i gave up my car and haven 't really missed it .
my only fear was the weather ; it was rainy season in central america .
the earthquake prompted a tsunami watch for parts of the caribbean , reuters reported .
ge shares rose $ 1.10 , or 3.3 percent , to $ 34.31 friday .
the u.s. geological survey said a 5.1 temblor occurred about 6 : 30 a.m.
the bruins will face top-seeded california , which dispatched oregon 90-74 later thursday night .
the ban had threatened nato security convoys as well as development and reconstruction projects .
he outlasted changing musical styles and the radio industry 's periodic convulsions and eruptions .
the recall affects 331,582 pounds of frozen beef patties and 21 products distributed nationwide .
even our most delicate questions are met with rude , almost hysterical , responses .
greece has promised to compensate the british museum with visiting exhibitions of major antiquities .
co-star jane krakowski says playing a bad actress " comes naturally " to her .
gambari is currently in india as part of a six-nation visit to the region .
the death-row inmates receive mail from all over the world , which she delivers .
they said the school had become " unviable " because of low pupil numbers .
the corps said it isn 't passing judgment on the merits of each claim .
others defend them , saying that they keep many homeowners from defaulting on mortgages .
mike knuble , mike richards and scottie upshall scored power-play goals for the flyers .
the process began with exeter city council 's bid for unitary status in 2007 .
they have an all-star-level point guard in andre miller , a steady floor leader .
ea took the offer directly to shareholders after take-two rejected its offer last month .
its points tally is closer to the bottom of the league than the top .
he has this crazy voice , and it 's this gospel kind of thing .
seats in the exit rows generally open up only 24 hours before a flight .
despite the increasingly positive perceptions , however , most blacks feel that discrimination lingers .
nevertheless , by wednesday ( european ) lunchtime the plan was still awaiting approval .
it has nothing to do with pigs , " he told the associated press .
things died down but months later , in june , i was badly beaten .
welch says the university hopes to raise more than $ 500,000 at the fundraiser .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.41 gmt on thursday 29 october 2009 .
pollin 's voice boomed into the microphone as he spoke about his new coach .
sometimes my parents rent the house , and i 've read the guest book .
heroin and morphine were present in the body in 59 % of the deaths .
as law students one of the twins reputedly replaced the other in an exam .
sachs watched his own grandmother suffer through aggressive treatments right up until she died .
intelligence officials said thursday that the men were cooperating after first giving conflicting statements .
it was thought unlikely , however , that police would allow that to happen .
but plugging that monetary gap was part of the learning experience , he said .
brighton and hove city council is carrying out a " serious case review . "
this network is obsessively fixated on the supposed spread of muslim influence in america .
the next one could be next week , but it hasn 't been scheduled .
but it will further encourage the unhealthy trend of increasing base salaries for bankers .
start with a rabbit -- neé golf -- hatchback at $ 16,000 and change .
construction of the station began in february 2008 and was completed in december 2008 .
skin-tight t-shirts , posters of semi-naked men and buckets of condoms on the tables .
he left after 59 pitches because of a blister on his right middle finger .
we 're still looking for the black boxes , " prazuck said in english .
asu cut it to 17-14 on a 4-yard pass from carpenter to michael jones .
they have advised councillors to attach a number of conditions to any planning permission .
a month or so earlier , pearl jam had released their debut , ten .
after he appealed to supervisor zev yaroslavsky , the probation department canceled his bill .
moreover the quake did not strike so close to the country 's capital city .
volstad ( 2-0 ) gave up three hits and one run in seven innings .
an mod spokeswoman said soldiers were helping people who were trapped in their homes .
the stoning rituals at mina have long been the most hazardous of the hajj .
south africa , egypt and burkina faso are encouraging the use of the technology .
the 30-year-old di mauro has a 5-10 record this year and is 16-35 overall .
the legal wrangling spanned years and saw the resignation of several top getty leaders .
" " that 's all i was saying , that people are saying this .
hyundai and kia did it before and are still doing it in a way .
those buyers then spent great amounts on advertising to try to ensure solid returns .
so young ! " one new york teenage girl wrote angrily in her blog .
richard bakker , spokesman for the council for child protection , welcomed the ruling .
iran says it will be used solely to meet the country 's energy needs .
ms dorian , a boston bypass independent councillor , has resigned from the cabinet .
in between , images of unfamiliar infant and adult faces flashed on the screen .
counting on huge wins in ohio and texas looks risky for mrs clinton too .
but at least the assembly is prepared to impose a modest tax on cigarettes .
eventually , revenue will need to pick up for companies to keep making money .
neither can i. wouldn 't their time be better spent filling in the potholes ?
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.31 gmt on thursday 12 november 2009 .
that is , until then-general manager cindy young spotted it and fished it out .
fast forward another four years to october 2008 and there was another unhappy ending .
it is that response that lit up abortion rights blogs after monday 's announcement .
" we cannot win without lebron , nor can we win without defending .
poldek , born in krakow , poland , was number 173 on the list .
big bonuses led to lifestyles that were not sensible , and clearly not sustainable .
also , does a vasectomy put the damper on a guy 's sex drive ?
for a time it seemed that mr. ratmansky , 39 , would succeed him .
but at least we 'll be able to guarantee someone else 's second mortgage .
cain held rockies to just four hits , with five walks and three strikeouts .
if we make a mistake now we will be defeated for a long time .
charlotte kalla of sweden wins the women 's cross-country skiing 10k freestyle gold medal .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.00 gmt on tuesday 1 december 2009 .
17 , the date that some of the plan 's details could become public .
forget the salad dressing , i don 't need all of that extra stuff .
he didn 't say what it was , but he made it sound nefarious .
fr cantalamessa 's comments provoked anger among jewish groups and victims of sex abuse .
drug firms say mr obama 's efforts to squeeze drug prices will deter innovation .
the rally consists of 24 special stages , with the first 11 on friday .
i don 't think she 'll ever stop worrying that i 'm eating properly .
officials said the inquiry was not designed to determine whether cia officials broke laws .
" i became obsessed with how to develop great teachers , " she said .
ghayur said the cafe had received several threats and was attacked recently by gunmen .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.07 gmt on wednesday 4 november 2009 .
they include 25 in mexico and one , a 21-month-old boy , in texas .
this year , sales of cars in the brics should overtake those in america .
but you may be wondering why so many animals have babies in the spring .
the comments contradicted the government 's earlier insistence that it needed no outside help .
for march , sales are up 28 percent over the same month in 2008 .
the group was created two months ago with a mission of promoting world peace .
planet organic is currently interviewing various executive search firms to locate an experienced ceo .
on the a90 laurencekirk - stonehaven , northbound traffic is stuck in drifting snow .
employers added 162,000 jobs in march after losing a revised 14,000 jobs in february .
it could have come straight from the pages of an alexander mccall smith novel .
some of them are staying in the bushes and mountains to avoid zanu-pf militias .
now that the election is over , their remotes will once again collect dust .
he is hitting only .216 but has 13 stolen bases and ten runs scored .
if found guilty of murder , sheehan faces 15 years to life in prison .
i 'm not saying they don 't keep going , but they need bill .
that 's why the catholic church has not been able to shake this scandal .
" it 's a crucial game , " penguins coach michel therrien told reporters .
college football gets more popular every year and other cities have the same idea .
mar 24 : prime-time press conference to answer questions about the aig bonus scandal .
last week it was requested that salmon could also be available for the prince .
" what have we gotten from this government ? " asks abd al-hamid bin-ali .
international trade will be free of the protectionism that shows dangerous signs of intensifying .
there was a procession of 60 models - one for each year of manufacture .
the assembly government said its targets were developed in close consultation with health professionals .
the six were found guilty of deliberately infecting libyan children with the hiv virus .
fathers , they say , play a crucial role in helping them stay pure .
former new zealand hooker gatland has coached connacht , wasps , waikato and ireland .
britain 's daily telegraph reported surface-to-air missile launchers also were found in the cargo .
the cowboys had employed the bodyguards to try to keep jones out of trouble .
there are many thousands of women and children -- so the men behave better .
the airport was one of those from which the 9 / 11 hijackers departed .
activision , publishers of the franchise , was named uk publisher of the year .
ciar � n hinds and kelly reilly in the lynda la plante crime drama .
fonda called 911 to report the discovery , and officers found the man unresponsive .
he said he spoke to other cadets and his instructors while pondering his situation .
every possible area we can we 're trying to maximise , " he added .
watch the full interview on " good morning america " wednesday at 7 a.m.
if you are lingering at all , they come up and talk to you .
flowers should not apologize ; they should symbolize some wonderful thoughts about the woman .
very little progress has been made on rates of maternal mortality in two decades .
the california fires have prompted some airlines to waive fees to change your flight .
he was detained there in 1998 following a series of burglaries but jumped bail .
unrest has peaked in afghanistan this year , with insurgent attacks and crime increasing .
asu is expanding its signature scholarship program and renaming it for the 44th president .
the plane disappeared in an area of the mid-atlantic ocean not covered by radar .
chrysler last month requested $ 5 billion u.s. government loans to support a turnaround .
we need to see ourselves as another gadget needing specific maintenance for long lasting .
one involved a 2005 agreement to provide security advice to the government of qatar .
williams was hampered by six double faults , including five in the second set .
no ... i believe it ... will bet you one of your apple pies .
by close , the djia lost 120.46 points , 1.14 percent , to 10,428.05 .
we do not let up , " mr obama told nbc 's today show .
do it in writing and send your letter certified mail with a return receipt .
outside groups are trying to monitor these moves but are powerless to reverse them .
" so the message is you cannot separate prevention , treatment and care .
as long as those are also taken care of , express your softer side .
the billboard showed a grainy mugshot of finch taken during the november 20 heist .
" this has brought serious harm to people 's lives , work and property .
by 2020 , the cap would lower emissions by 17 percent from 2005 levels .
toyota has raised questions about gilbert 's tests and its application to real-world circumstances .
despite these extremely challenging conditions we expect to achieve profit overall in 2008 . "
officers said a seven-year-old girl was approached on victoria street in bracebridge , lincoln .
windsor and maidenhead council was ordered to pay the fire authority 's legal costs .
but is " happily ever after " possible , according to the first lady ?
the hospital treated uk military personnel , coalition soldiers and afghan national security forces .
( p ) roject ... ... .see u when u touch down ! ! !
archaeologists say coca has been grown in the andes since before jesus was born .
mr darling has said the measure will ensure private equity firms pay fairer taxes .
shortly afterwards they emerged hand in hand from the house and kissed for photographers .
alternative power once had the alternative lifestyle image of hippie owners driving odd vehicles .
dodging a military curfew and round-ups , many protestors trekked back to remote villages .
he said he is on edge , along with all the building 's residents .
low beta means the market-related risk is low and vice versa for high beta .
another factory in cankiri , 87 miles northeast of ankara , manufactures medium-caliber weapons .
i suspect that clerk is paid much more than that by the american taxpayers .
there are plenty of things to do -- if you can bum a ride .
for a similar feeling , join the circus and fire yourself from a cannon .
the unfortunate reality is we need war some where to keep our economy going .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 07.42 gmt on tuesday 3 november 2009 .
about 60 passengers were on board the boeing 737-800 jet , norwegian broadcasting reported .
prosecutors say scher killed 30-year-old martin dillon so he could marry dillon 's wife .
to wit : last week , brinkley was honored by the american heart association .
the lines will be a mile apart along the 59-mile earthen section by march .
for now , he has avoided imposing quite the horror budget many had feared .
she just sold a 2,248-square-foot apartment for $ 11 million to an italian man .
one caveat , especially relevant now , is that this is all very expensive .
" once again , russia has shown its true face , " he said .
independents can vote in either party 's primary , making them a wild card .
but when they do happen , it 's only natural that they attract attention .
he currently is a staff member at narconon freedom center in albion , michigan .
it 's very important because you want to know how they think and function .
people will do so for reasons of comfort , convenience , safety and cost .
it is about a regulator 's attempts to impose price controls on the marketplace .
he said : " legg said i had paid too much for a refrigerator .
so it 's understandable he 's worried about government threats to ban the service .
s & p 500 futures fell 4.40 , or 0.34 percent , to 1,304.90 .
but the fund 's strategy is normally to invest alongside other , conventional investors .
it rested on one foundation -- the unimpeachable reliability of the scottish legal system .
my mum was diagnosed with lung cancer last year , which was pretty devastating .
mr. clinch wanted to know if anyone mentioned the room adjoining the billiard room .
eduardo 's croatian international manager slaven bilic said he was stunned by the incident .
a memory card finder makes the product plug-and-play for even the most novice users .
guess in the end , you can 't get away from what binds you .
they 're doing their level best to clean up this horrendous mess they inherited .
east hanover , n.j. , april 3 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- comverge , inc .
tw may charge the extra fees , but its not going to live long .
to describe any person as ugly is not only rude , but rather nasty .
click here to see the ' red eye ' cast discuss the guttenberg photos .
but now some are going a step farther and taking " study drugs . "
nyg _ umenyiora 75 fumble return ( tynes kick ) , 12 : 53 .
one managed to escape , but the other had to be airlifted to hospital .
netanyahu , in some ways , leans more to the right than sharon did .
a call to the mexican consulate in mcallen late tuesday was not immediately returned .
the price tag on that plan : $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion .
" he has easily given away $ 10 million and perhaps $ 20 million .
the bills also would permanently raise the limit on the loans they may buy .
the statement that lance will be trying to regain the jersey is pure speculation .
scott tucker , the winner of four races , follows closely in third place .
in june , the company demanded its investment back unless the frequencies were opened .
it says a 10-year government plan for better care by 2013 is in jeopardy .
it was while extending the cruck house that stones became a preoccupation , however .
in south africa the whole nation watched as criminals stood before a truth commission .
few of us would be shocked if something were going on at these olympics .
a report into lunar exploration will explore possible cooperation with us space agency nasa .
president barack obama favors repealing the clinton-era law but wants it done by congress .
it was officially celebrated for the first time at the federal level on jan .
a similar french plan cushioned a 13 percent fall in sales , it said .
we need action today , even as we lay the foundation for growth tomorrow .
wilson earlier told the court that he could not remember anything after leaving peebles .
he said he was liaising with community and training agencies to help workers affected .
he noted the relationship other commodities such as diamonds have had with african conflicts .
people are animals , so selection pressure would presumably continue to apply across generations .
cornwall , in britain 's far south-west , is a popular domestic tourist destination .
tigers and rockies trade the detroit tigers and the colorado rockies swapped right-handers yesterday .
there were doors that wouldn 't open or lock and room and restaurant snafus .
like an internet company , spacex offers employees free drinks and frozen yogurt treats .
ancestry users have created over ten million family trees containing over one billion profiles .
there is some concern , however , that u.s. policy in iraq is adrift .
whenever i hear or read the phrase " loved one , " i shudder .
cnn 's arthur brice and journalist gloria carrasco contributed to this report for cnn .
the sweetest spots occurred when they allowed their instinctive melodic feel to shine through .
the rangers erased a 2-0 deficit on goals by paul mara and chris drury .
the patient 's condition has been critical ever since he was hospitalized july 22 .
how different is acting in a musical from being a solo performer on stage ?
i love being outside , and the idea was going back to the earth .
the players didn 't but they are working and are probably at a hotel .
but the club statement said that the stadium project was not in any danger .
he is to address a republican commemoration in the creggan area of derry later .
but for the sake of argument , let 's pretend i don 't ) .
experts believe lead poisoning is a major factor in preventing the species ' recovery .
" this is much easier than talking with the taliban , " he said .
she believes legislative leaders are trying to shield fellow lawmakers from a fractious debate .
scientists want to see if they can forecast this " space weather " better .
h.l. started his first in the late 1910s and had about six kids .
" research proves that outreach increases turnout , " it said in a statement .
the house passed the resolution this evening by a vote of 258 to 154 .
she lived in what was then the socialist people 's democratic republic of yemen .
" incorporating fiber sources into the diet is relatively easy , " they added .
the discovery was announced by project scientist anthony colaprete at a midday news conference .
toulon , meanwhile , have lost their last two games to montauban and montpellier .
the phase 1 summary report was carried out between september 2007 and may 2008 .
the a stopped at 168th and the # 1 skipped from dyckman to 243rd .
he added : " you only have to look at someone like wayne rooney .
bannister struck out five and walked two to end a personal four-game losing streak .
the same crappy incentive scheme that has destroyed finance is destroying the us government .
the answer is they have all been used as polling stations on election day .
details : develops internet protocol network application services to speed up mobile internet services .
now that was something that surely took a long time , by any measure .
shanxi has been trying to restore order to its chaotic coal business for years .
not used : j brown , k andrews , n kalinic , m salgado .
the associated press ' attempts to contact their publicist and columbia records were unsuccessful .
wey said the injured worker suffered burns and was transferred to a pittsburgh hospital .
he was on the pistons ' roster when they won the 2004 nba title .
" we just had to think : these guys took a form of ecstasy .
i 'll help you to find a good lawyer who can clear things up .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.22 gmt on tuesday 29 december 2009 .
around 4,000 german soldiers are deployed in afghanistan as part of the nato-led force .
the first president bush appointed him to the city 's appeals court in 1991 .
a second person present at the meeting has confirmed this account to the times .
the story of mr. o 'donnell 's colorful life and exaggerations continues to unfold .
limited brands inc. is also expected to report quarterly results after the market close .
unplugged conference on thursday , may 1 , 2008 at 8 : 40 a.m.
pedro feliciano pitched a 1-2-3 ninth to collect his first save of the season .
the blackouts came late at night when most people were already safely at home .
be careful that it doesn 't just repeat the opening sentence of the script .
powell directs the world premiere next year at the old globe in san diego .
we keep hearing that they just don 't make legislative giants like that anymore .
as storms go , the one that swept through that neighborhood was not huge .
proceedings of the academy of natural sciences of philadelphia ( september ) : 642-649 .
then he was curiously absent in the first half , managing only two points .
they are not the right wing fringe the media is trying to make them .
like russian czars of old , all bush sees is yes-men and potemkin villages .
jelena jankovic , the second seed and defending champion , will play yaroslava shvedova .
a new settlement as great as that following the 1688 glorious revolution awaits mps .
some tourism officials said that the spitzer administration now seems intent on lowering expectations .
sainsbury 's allowed for only ten local beers and eight soft drinks per person .
" there was flying debris from the building that exploded , " she said .
he 's more a ball bearing than the engine -- necessary but sometimes overlooked .
to counterattack , the eu bloc may impose countervailing duties , industry leaders said .
councilman simcha felder , who chaired the proceeding , yelled at the rowdy crowd .
quail hollow championship at charlotte , n.c. columbus at toronto fc , 4 p.m.
it started with a woman approaching her about putting her german shepherd on screen .
the pair traded verses on springsteen 's " the ghost of tom joad . "
at the first sign of censure , young players often retreat into their shells .
2123 mr hague says the tories will work hard to bring the deficit down .
the developer can offer many more perks and benefits than can an individual owner .
the murder of an opposition lawmaker in nairobi on tuesday was the final straw .
" he was hard working and a reliable responsible man of his year group .
market european riesling in the u.s. will contain both consumer marketing and trade elements .
cabinet ministers will meet shortly with a view to announcing the policy by december .
these officers acted on what they knew and saw in a matter of seconds .
fc dallas is fourth in the western conference at 2-3-3 ( nine points ) .
send an e-mail with your resolution for the new year to colorofmoney @ washpost.com.
the late charles kindleberger of mit argued that an open economy required a hegemon .
it was more than you could by a steak with , " brown said .
state-owned zimbabwe broadcasting corp. said the full recount would take up to three days .
this could be any large family home in a forested corner of affluent surrey .
" that meaningful progress , i believe , not only continues but is developing .
a significant block has been set aside to build a national emergency communications network .
sacramento also got 18 points and 11 rebounds from jason thompson in the loss .
the cosmetic nature of the change reinforces the perception that the ldp is flailing .
for more information see our member agreement . + is takeda 's $ 8.8 .
motorists in hawaii paid the most for gas , averaging $ 3.647 a gallon .
certainly today 's parents don 't go with the rose-is-a-rose theory of baby names .
" i think the whole election was a novel , " barack obama said .
now she had the bar raised to 5.05 metres to try for one more .
here we have six personality groups which seem to encompass the majority of people .
the incident occurred in maddogs pub , george street , on 22 september 2006 .
second opinion : in reporting symptoms , don 't patients know best ? 2 .
but he had no touchdown passes and two interceptions for illinois ( 9-4 ) .
this is the ' tied ' range that has been negotiated by their employer .
georgia 's president said russian aircraft bombed several georgian villages and other civilian facilities .
is this the same problem all over again -- just with a new woman ?
exactly why rain and humidity would trigger headaches in some children is not clear .
for years u.s. officials have predicted there would be a rise in homegrown terrorism .
" we missed a lot of addresses in those days , " he said .
kennedy 's latest narrator , jane howard , is a smarty-pants harvard graduate student .
" we need to broaden our target in these interventions , " she said .
anecdotal evidence of economic pain is all too easy to find here in thailand .
" will smith in anything makes it even better , " ms. pascal said .
we also offer small unknown resorts including aussois or termignon in the maurienne valley .
the overall toll represented a 14 % increase over civilian casualty rates in 2008 .
so wright could help him and hills work things out after the infamous act .
yet most indians , even most maharashtrians , continue to call the city bombay .
critics say the suits are illegally buoyant and fina has no test for buoyancy .
" we don 't have a clue where he is , " he says .
" switzerland already has existing laws to protect animals , " he told afp .
i dont go bashing her , i simply just dont listen to her music .
live , learn and thrive , and its children 's safe drinking water program .
washington ( ap ) - and now , barack obama , the tv show .
and in just two weeks ' time the primary season will all be over .
he believes they should be integrated with conventional medicines across the national health service .
for more info contact : billy @ jukeboxjunctiontheater.com , melissa @ jukeboxjunctiontheater.com , www.jukeboxjunctiontheater.com.
having people from united around me also makes me realise i am getting closer .
" on a sunday the amount of traffic along that road is relatively small .
mr regan 's funeral is expected to be held over the next few weeks .
other options : cherry bark extract , an antitussive found in many health-food stores .
ivorian rudy guede was jailed for 30 years last october , but is appealing .
while there are promising new therapies , trichotillomania has long been difficult to treat .
" she is fine with it , particularly now that he does tandem jumps .
" but this only makes sense when both parties can make a long-term commitment .
then ... the lights went out , " rachida darif told the associated press .
what if , to top it off , it also doubled as a money-spinner ?
you are here : home / energy resources / u.s. losing arctic energy race ?
the team hasn 't reached the playoffs in kubiak 's five seasons as coach .
watch a portion of the webcast of first lady greeting guests this morning above .
it seems that there are two fundamental arguments being made in this ongoing debate .
at a granada hills location , a poll worker forgot vote-recording devices at home .
they grow up to 8.5 feet long and typically are found in south america .
melvyn adam mildener , 31 , moved to israel from britain nine years ago .
war of the words : rush limbaugh lobbed verbal grenades at the white house .
we did not evolve to be monogamous with one partner for 30-40 + years .
it 's the fourth time gotti has been tried on nearly identical racketeering charges .
it brings an end to the 28-year-old 's five-year stay at the nou camp .
ease in by using a retinoid every third night for at least two weeks .
the voting is still going on at sardi 's restaurant in new york city .
do blogs and other new media fill in where old media are cutting back ?
here , in a show steeped in mortality , it was a howling presence .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.28 bst on wednesday 14 october 2009 .
the president dissolved both parliament and the constitutional court to push through the referendum .
i thought , is it possible that nobody has thought of this idea yet ?
a volvo s80l car on display at a volvo showroom in beijing , china .
research is being done to develop robots that help kids with autism socialize better .
but that turned out to be a gesture not a new policy of friendship .
i 'm so disgusted with this stuff i don 't know what to say .
justified on the grounds that it would keep economy moving as people continue spending .
many of the comments were more aggressive , wishing the swindlers meet violent ends .
but no special precautions were planned at the man 's university of missouri campus .
activist donna payne knows just how complex the issue is for the black community .
nadal this year won a fourth straight french open and his first wimbledon title .
he is unhappy the inquest in 2002 recorded an open verdict into his death .
" what 's with the ponytail at the oscars ? " she wonders aloud .
government officials estimate that only 25 percent of the population can access healthcare easily .
the teenagers are planning on holding a demonstration at the site at the weekend .
" i would say at least a couple of days , " claybar said .
the tweak will affect the preliminary estimate of gdp to be issued on monday .
mr hill noted that that component has historically correlated best with gross domestic product .
we started behind the lake morey resort at the southern tip of the lake .
he said : " why would i go to africa and film myself crying ?
those results suggested a simple and low-cost intervention could be effective , authors said .
it is still on its way to onne , " said one security source .
trade policy is a series of decisions ; it 's not black or white .
cnn 's ed hornick , alexander mooney and rebecca sinderbrand contributed to this report .
and then , he hopes , you 'll bring yourself back to the restaurant .
his longish hair was slicked back and a striped scarf dangled around his neck .
of course , not everyone who doesn 't meet your gaze is a liar .
he gave way to cla meredith , who got two outs in the seventh .
in the meantime , it would restore confidence and calm amongst scotland 's motorists .
however , the real story of the night was the hurt locker 's triumph .
gay met his wife , penny miller , at a blue oyster cult concert .
she was reportedly wooed by bob dylan before beginning a five-year relationship with jagger .
where better for conferees to worry about saving more than at the uber-swanky bacara ?
" these latest rubbish tactics directly stem from rules passed by the labour government .
i do a lot of work for mcdonald 's , kfc and pizza hut .
simpson defense lawyer gabriel grasso in las vegas declined comment monday about the case .
however , in these difficult times i need star performers more than ever before .
you can see the pattern , wells fargo wants people to lose their homes .
the bbc contacted several fake id firms for an interview , but none responded .
police in eastern kentucky say an 82-year-old man traded prescription drugs for sexual favors .
your identity is not known ; your intentions are unclear , " he says .
cuban president raul castro is moving his own people into power , analysts say .
he has championed a flat income tax and the abolition of the inheritance tax .
it fell to 95.72 yen , its lowest level in more than 12 years .
and steven davis doubled their advantage five minutes later following a sweeping three-player move .
the combination of retail and residential units is due to be completed in 2012 .
nevertheless , some fundamental issues are leading germans to save rather than spend money .
mr cameron says he can " hear the rustle of the long grass . "
reid prayed for angle 's victory because he believed it would strengthen his chances .
health secretary nicola sturgeon has demanded " urgent improvements " at aberdeen royal infirmary .
house prices , though , are still expected to drop this year and next .
it was driving south on the a947 , while the tractor was travelling north .
the goal is to destroy the people who attacked us on 9 / 11 .
the results tell a pretty compelling story , particularly when put in human terms .
but it lists just 140,000 in haiti which has a population of 10 million .
olin and wettig are back working together -- and they 're an on-screen couple .
ernest wright , of bradford , is due to appear before city magistrates later .
most mothers are raising the kids , " he told me in an interview .
dementieva hasn 't beaten sharapova since the semi-finals in los angeles three years ago .
now , all we want is the relative safety of what we know best .
that makes for a sad and isolating ratio and leaves minority students feeling vulnerable .
his unusual background , plus some lucky timing , have helped him get there .
coach jim boeheim has encouraged point guard jonny flynn to test the nba waters .
the bad weather has caused further delays to flights at city of derry airport .
the last one was from rosetta stone , a producer of self-study language programs .
it estimates that around 95 percent of the music downloaded in 2009 was illegal .
should he have a financial penalty for my dad 's " irish-guy " diet ?
we are seeing the consolidation of our news and information sources for economic reasons .
neighbouring thailand and malaysia , lying east of sumatra , also cancelled tsunami warnings .
there is a beautiful woman , tall , slender , smoking a cigarette outside .
i ended up taking 300 mg of effexor a day to counter the depression .
stock markets were also up as the week 's trading began monday in asia .
it 's like calling " all in " before the hand has been dealt .
on the plus side , the production boasts an attractive , unusually accomplished cast .
sandies ( r ) and murray ( r ) sugar free , among others .
19 following their bye week , they will have a pregame ceremony honoring him .
the job-hopping can undermine the firm 's performance on a contract , he said .
pearce 's voice was filled with hope and humility and love for his family .
it doesn 't show the company 's falling operating profit or sliding market share .
the third anniversary of hurricane katrina lands squarely between the democratic and republican conventions .
" i think these banks are going to be staring at some big shortfalls .
18 ) : if you are bored , you need a change of scenery .
at least two analysts had been expecting margins of 4.1 percent or 4.2 percent .
the last two days have no doubt been sobering for allianz and the teams .
it 's starry little princesses dreaming of prince charming and getting the bogeyman instead .
but ogilvy 's put-back off his own miss put the commodores ahead for good .
now i think the general populace is ready to fight out in the streets .
dr yusra abo hamed 's face softens as she gazes at her laptop screen .
gdp grew by 2.2 per cent for 2007 , the slowest rate since 2002 .
iran witnessed lingering civil unrest in the wake of the june 12 presidential elections .
" it was the hardest role i 've ever done , " he said .
but clinton made a late play for a state that offers her some advantages .
29 ) , is a reminder that florida is no stranger to voting barriers .
it was billed as an afghan reconciliation between local tribes and the central government .
it is the latest distraction in the build-up to this summer 's world cup .
more recently , the post-mortems on america 's 2001 fiscal boost have been positive .
is erica 's revenge scenario a fever dream of bereavement -- a post-death wish ?
he said bulger carried her down the stairs while he continued to strangle her .
azuz : before we go , some car dealers offer all sorts of incentives .
the group departed western papua in indonesia early wednesday , the brisbane times reported .
another scene has bruno on a tv talk show with a baby in tow .
solomun beyene , 24 , and craig calderwood , 26 , were arrested wednesday .
those responses dropped to 1 % and 4 % in 2007 , passel said .
david cameron 's trip to edgbaston in the midlands was positively dripping with symbolism .
in addition , the chip uses an advanced anti-shock technology exclusively developed by shhic .
the police in the u.s. would lose interest if the product was less potent .
then there 's the great in between -- poultry , pork and the rest .
this quicker spread is , in many ways , a simple function of time .
the yield on 10-year treasuries has climbed from 2pc to 3.04pc in eight weeks .
gen mcchrystal has warned against causing civilian casualties , which have alienated many afghans .
they came here for one reason , the availability of money , not freedom .
michigan governor jennifer granholm has indicated her state might demand locks be closed permanently .
" the federal reserve has moved quickly to bring order to the financial market .
for the governing labour party , the next general election could be a disaster .
we serve all people , regardless of religion , race , ethnicity or gender .
" the free books you send me are a blessing , " he wrote .
it has also begun using a desalination plant to cleanse brackish water for irrigation .
dow jones industrial average futures fell 40 , or 0.55 percent , to 7,264 .
among the main sports , the only sensible advice is play to your strengths .
" i never did see a car that was stuck , " he said .
her replacement , a japanese astronaut , was launched aboard discovery on march 15 .
the original price range was overly optimistic and a tough sell , he said .
the answer , he told the judge , was that paper was not authorized .
natural gas prices gained 0.272 cents to $ 3.887 per million british thermal units .
the deal is expected to be finalised in msci 's third quarter this year .
hudson and goldstein stayed closely in touch throughout , taking cues from each other .
it was the worst single attack since the fall of the taleban in 2001 .
last year , india was the 11th most visited international destination by u.s. residents .
it is not the first video using hamza to back his father 's cause .
those standards include providing a place in the olympic village for athletes to worship .
that makes it difficult to understand the trends and behaviours that are going on .
they demanded money but escaped empty handed after the shop keeper pressed an alarm .
residential robberies have been of particular concern to prince george 's police this year .
" the risk is the anxiety caused by saying someone is a high risk .
leinster set up an all-irish heineken cup semi-final against munster by beating harlequins 6-5 .
steve jobs ( blessed be his name ) finds your lack of faith disturbing .
suu kyi was first detained in 1989 after mass protests against the military government .
i just wish all the liberals would quit forcing thier beliefs down my throat .
these gratuitous mean moments are parts of the porn , too , i realize .
the oas has been criticised as promoting us interests over those of other members .
so how do you choose which agent should take on the job for you ?
and this position is important , especially if you have a player like polamalu .
somewhere in the crowd coach hank haney looked on from behind his dark glasses .
it is not clear who was behind the attack , which happened on saturday .
he said he thought that the department and the panel had many common goals .
but it was his time as environment minister that most clearly influenced mr. dion .
the british talking down of expectations over the past few days has been significant .
with a great mystery , you instantly know you 're not in kansas anymore .
edt ) to elect suleiman as president , as stipulated by the doha agreement .
a better solution would be to strengthen the existing regulatory system , he said .
he said any money spent would have to be taken away from essential services .
for more steps , there are hundreds of how-to books and manuals to consult .
the route also passes through moscow , hamburg and leeds before coming into wales .
he added that the venue was not overcrowded and remained at legal capacity levels .
combs , 20 , now faces a kidnapping charge that carries life in prison .
to remake the system , new york state will need to downsize some facilities .
launching late march 2010 , the 16 piece collection will be available on very.co.uk.
as a result , the drug is designed to reduce the enjoyment of smoking .
if you 're a senior covered by medicare , the wait is eight weeks .
carting off that corpulent lass and crying matelot who had his ipod taken away .
the tv presenter had her thyroid gland and a cyst removed earlier this year .
we could have done better and should have done better , " walsh said .
the concerts in the two koreas will follow a series of performances in china .
that means aig has to pay a higher price as part of its guarantees .
they will be taxing you with higher vat when you fill up your car .
and , for mr putin himself , these may be the most telling results .
to be clear , the overwhelming majority of americans judge politicians by their actions .
come to think of it , you can add orlando cabrera here , too .
" china did everything that it was asked to do , " lieberman said .
they might be willing to give you a new loan with more manageable terms .
however , the case file did mention lazarus because she had previously dated ruetten .
the road was closed for more than two hours while the cars were removed .
lunchtime at all saints secondary school in glasgow was an unusually well-attended affair yesterday .
two teenagers have burgled the home of an 89-year-old man in the black country .
a pro-zelaya protest in the capital , tegucigalpa , wound down by early evening .
he played 20 minutes against longwood , finishing with 10 points and seven rebounds .
the result could lead to computers that require far less power than conventional ones .
he was generous , kind and always saw the best in everyone he met .
that 's the reason , and i like it cause there 's no lines .
the diamond was pocketed by a local boy who sold it to john erskine .
bet this is another case of fiction being passed off as pattinson 's quotes .
young boxers still idolize him , and older men become boys in his presence .
the first known victim - a young boy called edgar hernandez - lives here .
karzai was in the building , but was not injured , the spokesman said .
do you think the killer would get upset if that gets blamed on him ?
ray durham -- a switch-hitter who has been hot -- was a better option .
blast victims and their survivors claim their rights were violated by not being consulted .
newsom has formed a fundraising committee , and the first checks were reported thursday .
in drogba , too , chelsea have a player to give united the jitters .
when : available may 8--10 and other select dates through december 2009 .
the bank could sell parts of the company , or merge with another institution .
but any oil company looking to get involved in iraq faces some major disincentives .
the irelands are among the same-sex couples whose marriage was upheld by the court .
the jury found him guilty in 1982 and he was sentenced to life imprisonment .
many air traffic controllers want the system updated to make use of satellite technology .
they are a rare species indeed , and seldom sighted together in such numbers .
his south african counterpart , gerald majola , said it had also been approached .
he also said an independent commission would investigate the violence in bangkok and pattaya .
n-dubz reveal their american dream n-dubz are hoping they might crack america in 2010 .
but mid-hampshire coroner grahame short today began examining possible links between the two cases .
the nandaram market and the kanshiram market have been completely destroyed by the blaze .
as a rabid public school democrat , i crumpled in despair at the news .
he was the passing extra who was given -- and kept -- star billing .
had our hostel not been pre-paid , we might have been tempted to stay .
u.s. troops are seeing an increased threat in afghanistan , gen. david mckiernan says .
the 1980 senate election was truly a hinge of history both ideologically and institutionally .
grow two virginicas in different parts of a bay and they will taste different .
his practice has four portuguese dentists and a fifth will start work next week .
the website has floor plans , so you know precisely what you 're booking .
while he spoke , he used his hands to demonstrate fence posts zooming by .
she knows that her health could really suffer and yet she doesn 't stop .
and third , and last , i wanted to do right by my girls .
you always have a troy , a gabriella and a sharpay in high school .
but about an hour into the flight , the plane started making a descent .
ultimately , axelrod said , the republicans squandered an opportunity to promote their candidate .
it is also hoped it will offer emotional support to the youngster 's family .
employers cut eleven thousand jobs last month -- ten times less than some estimates .
it won 't be easy , but country people are suited to the challenge .
dimon said he does not know if jpmorgan will take advantage of the bailout .
users can accumulate points through playing a variety of games that test spelling ability .
sadly , four years is not a long time in the context of war .
it is not the first time the two companies have come to the table .
authorities in bishkek blame bakiyev supporters for stoking the conflict in his former stronghold .
the philharmonic hall was completed in 1849 and william brown library followed in 1860 .
repurchasing shares allows companies to reduce the number of shares available to the public .
emilie 's friends had tailored their gift choices to emilie 's interests and obsessions .
they will oversee the writing of new eu rules on financial supervision and regulation .
the top canadian was erik guay , who finished in a tie for fourth .
two conservative mps , angela browning and anthony steen , are not seeking re-election .
people , it seems , are rather more prejudiced than they think they are .
japanese brands held 53.3 percent of california new-car sales , versus 38.2 percent nationally .
lafferty netted with a side-foot finish before heading in from david healy 's cross .
put a hepa filter in your vacuum cleaner or home furnace system or ductwork .
" we do count on the opec countries to keep adequate supplies out there .
will reyes make mets fans forget his collapse in the final month last season ?
defense officials have said privately that the will to enforce the law is declining .
he is survived by his second wife , jaki , and by three children .
it comes amid a collapse in world trade and a slowdown in domestic demand .
at the same time , the north threatened to restore the yongbyon plutonium-producing facility .
but that commitment could erode quickly if the public mood turns against the government .
obama : must be consequences imposed on iran for ignoring warnings on nuclear program .
zumor said israeli officials didn 't tell the ministry why the money was withheld .
it said a female can give birth to a new litter every three months .
we are waiting to learn how we can apply , " the man said .
ms bhutto has been buried in her family tomb amid scenes of mass grieving .
about seven democratic seats and four republican-held seats appear to be in play now .
more information is available by calling 877-dae-jets ( 877-323-5387 ) or by visiting www.airelite.com.
a. what works for us is that we 're moderately priced across the line .
" you need to do something meaningful with your life , " she says .
i hope they don 't find water in any of the victims ' lungs .
there are a lot of very rich , retired microsoft employees in the area .
when i arrived there , i was greeted by the sounds of a choir .
the revenue has been aggressively pursuing those using offshore accounts to avoid paying tax .
st trinian 's is back in the top five after dropping out last week .
austria , finland , norway , belgium , denmark , spain and the netherlands .
upon arrival , the midfielder emphasized his desire to stay with the italian club .
( 2 ) intech ( australia ) was acquired on june 30 , 2009 .
he drew cheers when called on god to protect the boat from the termites .
" the petition was filed this morning , " said lawyer fakhruddin g. ibrahim .
he mentioned beasley , asking the rookie to live up to his star billing .
gamers can play up to five times a day through april 28 , 2009 .
american express and mastercard credit cards are shown in washington june 25 , 2008 .
loughner had remained mostly silent during a day of questioning , the sheriff said .
you palin bashers are just pathetic , she represents the mother of all change .
this guidance should come with a caveat - only for the next five weeks .
they dropped 6.5 percent in the south and plunged 28 percent in the west .
my husband died seven years ago ; we 'd been married for 63 years .
if we had no incentives to reward ambition , not much would get done .
some feel the plans by washington to better patrol its border are long overdue .
human rights groups said these measures still do not provide fair treatment for detainees .
when you 're in our business , that desk is like the oval office .
the show was also a conscious return to his arles roots , he explained .
and you shouldn 't have checked out of the hotel without the full refund .
it came as 1.9 million voting packs on the charge were being sent out .
an angry gordon brown glower or an irritated david cameron blush could reveal much .
all of them are supplied with both - standard components and complex high-tech solutions .
records : hoyas 1-7 , 1-3 patriot league ; mountain hawks 3-4 , 0-2 .
why not let tv help you fake it in the job of your dreams ?
there appears to be real concern that central government is not going to deliver .
however there have been some accusations of corruption and favouritism during the selection process .
the dark alley lies beyond the ratio-nal and , so , beyond the conscious .
will the fsa stop travel firms bundling the cost of insurance onto the bill ?
washington said she was in good enough shape to demonstrate drills at game speed .
this is a band for people who still go to record stores by choice .
imagine going for a leisurely swim and stumbling across a half-billion dollars in coins .
nurses painted her fingernails red , a splash of color next to scarred skin .
ciesla has to complete 100 hours of community service at 10 hours per month .
never mind the fifty thousand quid ; i want to know if they kissed .
he is not an apple fanboy , but sometimes he is mistaken for one .
airline shares are still far below their values around the start of the year .
admittedly , it 's not a record many of us would aspire to best .
but consumer advocates also worry that people could end up paying more for tv .
liliana from british airways on check-in told me she thought the worst was over .
today the books include reviews of golf courses , spas and other leisure activities .
wayne nelson corliss , 60 , was also ordered to pay a 5,000-dollar fine .
there was a time when people believed that the ocean 's bounty was unlimited .
they say , oh , they 're gypsies , we don 't want them .
but the £ 7 million leopard , built in 2007 , faces stiff competition .
chilean soldiers restrain alleged looters in concepcion , chile , march 2 , 2010 .
( the new republic ) lydia depillis is a researcher for the new republic .
this season is the first since 1992 that bonds is not with the giants .
they 're by no means the biggest call on the assembly government 's budget .
the group also challenges them " to re-commit themselves to deliver concrete improvements . "
thames water said " restrictors " would be an " absolute last resort . "
she also received three nominations at the brits and another three at the grammys .
she has also taught classes on commercialization and on methodology for assisting technology companies .
he goes out with his horse for several hours in the morning and afternoon .
the foundation expects to make several requests for proposals each year , officials said .
black cats were thrown into the fires to join witches burned at the stake .
they then attempted to trace the items back from the retailer to the source .
" hmmm ... this would be a good starter question , " he says .
all six " gave themselves up without too much difficulty , " he added .
power lines -- the electricity supply long cut -- were strewn across some streets .
during that time , the red raiders led the big 12 in total defense .
even when the whole orchestra came in , it entered on a human scale .
they would cross the border regularly and carry out attacks , " he says .
if i 'm not flying on a weekend , i 'm also the chaser .
the sugar in the product will also be fairtrade certified , sourced from belize .
you couls interview one of those individuals and scare people off of wart removal .
i first took to the trampoline to become reacquainted with the feeling of flight .
norwich city councillors will look at the plans at a meeting at 1730 bst .
drug czar nelly bonilla was arrested tuesday , along with police chief baltazar gómez .
then one can doubt maybe there has been some rigging or manipulation or irregularities .
however , advisers said that the long-term benefits of investing through isas remain compelling .
late tuesday , two women testified hall sexually assaulted them when they were underage .
he said al fayed tried unsuccessfully to stop the book 's publication in england .
previous research has highlighted the potential health risks of shift work and disrupted sleep .
but beneath the surface , a game of cat and mouse is under way .
oh , and ever wondered how much it means to pearce to represent england ?
the united states also restricts the import of sugar , which hikes its price .
" then they go home and kill themselves , " erspamer told the court .
meanwhile , japan 's economy is still poised precariously between recovery and renewed slump .
suu kyi has been under house arrest for 14 of the past 20 years .
" that is where this dispute starts , " one law enforcement official said .
last month 130 of them wrote to mr geithner urging tougher action against china .
this has led rogge to suggest he could block thanou from competing in beijing .
we 'd also suggest that you take a close look at the hyundai tucson .
authorities say he is not considered a person of interest , the post reported .
eventually , navy seals shot and killed three of the pirates aboard the lifeboat .
" when you are the champions , everyone will take a shot at you .
justin mann , a redshirt freshman defensive tackle , missed practice after feeling dizzy .
â the model is also compatible with sony 's new homeshare wi-fi network speakers .
more cover for geithner 's role in the debacle of lehman brothers and aig .
the impetus was a former tennessee accountant and aptly named player , chris moneymaker .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.00 gmt on friday 5 march 2010 .
i have stopped seeing any from south africa , " she told the times .
resigned , the man took a korean-language newspaper from a stand and started reading .
" but i know plenty about you that would shock quite a few people .
wives have " shopped " cheating husbands and drug addicts have reported their dealers .
in announcing the incident last week , societe generale said kerviel alone was responsible .
why the hell would a so-called ' liberal ' put a plant in there ?
it said this would make the system " more accurate and more secure . "
but the dalai lama , 74 , has repeatedly stressed his visit is non-political .
the department says nearly 70,000 new mexico households participated in the program last year .
" the moon will essentially walk around underneath the orbiter , " says garvin .
big bank busts , as a rule , cost relatively less than small ones .
attorney general janet reno said then that new enterprises were entering the ticketing business .
5 , he allegedly opened fire at the base 's soldier readiness center complex .
a few words of explanation before the abbreviations get too dense in this post .
sadly , big guy , she already quit her day job -- as governor .
mr reilly says opel should be cash neutral by the end of the year .
the pilot is also likely dead , but it could not be immediately confirmed .
i find this confusing as , religion and state are suppose to be separate .
his experiences formed the basis of the novels the first circle and cancer ward .
andrew dane scored both goals as inverleith recorded a 2-1 win against dundee wanderers .
mr easson said he was confident a reworded proposal in january would be approved .
she was charged by a greek prosecutor earlier this month with using banned drugs .
last week , organizers said that attendance set a record for world 's fairs .
on tuesday , us president barack obama signed a $ 787bn economic stimulus package .
socgen trades at 0.7 times tangible book value , identical to lloyds banking group .
moscow - once again , vladimir putin is hanging out with the big cats .
soon enough , timothy invites nora to come live with him in new york .
david eckhardt , a fourth-generation weld county farmer , is struggling with the math .
" there 's not a lot we can do about the rocks becoming exposed .
no. 8 kentucky has a top-10 ranking for the first time since 1977 .
the notion that bp was not solely at fault is not a new one .
mr nash do your research before looking the football novice you so are ! !
again , either you are ignorant or you intentionally ignore gaps in your ideas .
the men escaped in a stolen blue vauxhall corsa which was later found abandoned .
" i didn 't expect to come here and win , " she admitted .
the yankees loaded the bases , but they did not add to their lead .
the 25-year-old is seeded to meet england no 1 nick matthew in the final .
then the full circle of my life will be complete , " he wrote .
this stroke will also help loosen mucus in the lungs . -- nerve stroking .
there are things that must evoke our anger , to show that we care .
the measure was approved 82-12 after a five-hour debate in peru 's single-chamber legislature .
if she 's tight-lipped about her love life , move on to other topics .
tom will have to adjust his programme , but it has been done before .
he said local residents were helping troops to locate explosives left by the taliban .
i like to look for [ bargains ] when i 'm in other cities .
exports of automobiles grew 6.1 percent in september -- mostly to china and europe .
the texas country reporter 's video about a blind painter won most inspirational video .
" my parents are old now and need me to earn for the family .
john mccain 's favorite television commander in chief plays the first black u.s. president .
lagon said washington wanted to hold talks on the issue with the malaysian government .
none of this armoury was to be found in the peer-reviewed science they quoted .
in 1998 he was charged with the same crime , found guilty and jailed .
if co2 were the only factor effecting global temperatures , you might be right .
we don 't think all the answers lie in washington regulating all of this .
in a bowl , combine beef with salt , pepper , and garlic powder .
the commission spent more than a year writing the recommendations and conducting public hearings .
if you can 't , sell them at a discount and don 't reorder .
" it 's important for this club to be back in the uefa cup .
" we have to make a decision pretty quickly , " mr. dodd said .
camp bestival has introduced a unique ticket payment plan for this year 's event .
the lunatic-fringe musical of the future will have to look in hitherto un-thought-of territories .
the wrinkle this time is mosh is entirely separate from nokia 's music portal .
high unemployment has led to sharp drops in california 's personal income tax revenue .
" when everybody was doubting me , i never complained , i never cried .
entering tibet from nepal is more expensive and more restrictive than entering from china .
on friday a conservative cleric urged the judicial authorities to execute more opposition protesters .
he later became the first junior sprinter to break 20 seconds for the 200 .
and every year from 2000 to 2005 , heart disease deaths among women decreased .
instead , they would knock on his door to make sure he was home .
no formal investigation was ever opened based on the contacts , the officials said .
on monday , mr obama and russian president dmitry medvedev signed eight separate agreements .
but there has been mounting concern that it will not be ready in time .
" well , that 's a crazy question to ask , " he said .
when the king did not drop , south led the spade eight from dummy .
the searches involved only records of calls and not the content of the calls .
as a result , a man lost his life the night of that party .
open our borders to all comers from any country , any background , whatever .
cindy sommer says she plans to move back to california for the time being .
i mean , i didn 't take up kabbalah or anything , but still .
south korea 's presidential office said liftoff took place at 11 : 30 a.m.
jaimie epstein is a writer and a certified jivamutki yoga teacher in new york .
they , could still , however , get pretty close to the magic number .
that 's why it is called it is called " holy land experience . "
at the centre is a pot-bellied stove for cooking and heating water for washing .
the politically correct must have a minority to help or they go into depression .
what is a story if not a metaphor , a myth in the making ?
of the estimated 300,000 bison in north america , the vast majority are mixed .
the videos are available on the company 's website and are free of charge .
and third , there are still doubts about obama 's ability to be commander-in-chief .
drawings , prints and paintings are interspersed , creating a continual interplay across mediums .
diaz said : " i was in england recently and i caught this programme ...
we are also not all middle class and we are not even all women .
" i think the studio system is kind of an old boys ' system .
the eigenharp alpha will retail for £ 3,950 and will start shipping in december .
a bag of crisps in a bus shelter it will be , i said .
only two completions gained more than 14 yards , and the longest was 21 .
he struck out olivo and pinch-hitter brayan pena before getting dejesus to ground out .
the generals are on his side poliitically even though their military sense says otherwise .
he was to announce a white house summit on inner-city children and religious schools .
dr murray was at jackson 's home when the star went into cardiac arrest .
" we have all taken measures to recapitalise our banks and to ensure stability .
thus far , i 've been soured by hillary 's apparent lack of heart .
this capital 's cathedral was destroyed , and archbishop joseph serge miot was killed .
fraser said he does not know how much game is donated to food banks .
give me a jersey number and i 'll tell you which player wears it .
timothy egan , a contributing columnist for the times , writes outposts at nytimes.com.
and there it is : a blue expanse set beneath terrifyingly beautiful white mountains .
myelosuppression was generally reversible and usually managed by withholding tasigna temporarily or dose reduction .
the shells were so hard i could not even break them with a hammer .
his temperature is at 39.5 degrees ( 103.1 fahrenheit ) , " he added .
i have approached it on a need-to-know basis - ie : where is he ?
captain iker casillas admitted the team lost concentration on a freezing night in bloemfontein .
most insect-pollinated flowers have cone-shaped surface cells , while many others have flat surfaces .
this recipe offers double the love power because ginger is considered an aphrodisiac spice .
ap : and fast forward to now and you 're married to that guy !
( 16 ) " survivor : micronesia , " cbs , 12.62 million viewers .
there can 't be much doubt that jackiw 's star will continue to rise .
the national transportation safety board pinned most of the blame on the two pilots .
and when a headhunter offered him a marketing job at puma , he jumped .
mr. obama is ready and replies to these dramatic tactics in a presidential manner .
" they clearly have the potential to put some of our capabilities at risk .
but wait , don 't sink into a lament about the decline of manners .
the award of the prestigious a2 tunnel project in maastricht also hinged on quality .
i then slowly went back on the anti-depressants and i felt better , emotionally .
she reported that she lost 30 pounds after she stopped obsessing over her weight .
" the plan is to finish with a big bang , " he said .
but when donna listened to the message a few hours later , she froze .
" if our products are great , our reputation soars , " he said .
deeds , not words , will determine woods ' fate in his second chance .
the case is due before the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
the servicemen were injured while serving in the armed forces in iraq and afghanistan .
operating income totaled nt $ 23,021 million with an operating margin of 22 % .
he has never been elected by anybody , not even by his own party .
so i won 't be surprised if i 'm wrong in another 25 years .
the " victim " in question was one of those moveon.org imbecile / traitors .
instead , she stayed in a hotel suite praying for his success and health .
the resolution , if it passes , will not have the force of law .
this is just one small answer but i welcome it all the same . "
should they win , they could still be in the running for the title .
nozette pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted espionage after his arrest last week .
barkley converted to reduce the all blacks to a 23-13 lead at the turn .
three men have been arrested after an armed robbery at a shop in plymouth .
it 's outline matches up with the evidence i have collected over the years .
the instruction varies among programs , partly because there is no one right method .
24 or exorbitantly high prices for widely available seats in the middle of september .
where , then , do the grossly overweight figure in the scheme of things ?
developing countries are required to come up with " actions " to limit emissions .
indy has proven all year it can contain the run when it 's coming .
the senate bill would narrow that prohibition to defaults within the last five years .
it will involve serious offenders , including killers , aged between 16 and 21 .
" the price was $ 2 , but was that even remotely fair ? "
a recent anc plan for a media appeals tribunal provoked an outcry from editors .
using a moon-shaped cutter , angle the tool slightly outwards rather than straight down .
wal-mart and then amazon.com opened mp3-download stores , featuring more unrestricted downloads than itunes .
they look like adults but have the voices of teenagers and move slightly slower .
new computer simulations reveal the whipped-up dust is what made the drought so severe .
all 49 other states have supported kentucky 's position that the practice is valid .
that explosive story was soon translated into hebrew and printed in the israeli press .
pregnant women are known to be at greater risk of complications from swine flu .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond fell 17 / 32 to yield 3.905 percent .
reignier filled the runner-up spot , while tawaabb picked up minor honours in third .
government officials and private citizens have increasingly resorted to litigation to muffle critical reporting .
overall , kellan said his philosophy to working out is all about having fun .
and i should mention again that he 's doing all that in the snow !
in february , she received her ph.d. in a bioengineering from the same school .
john philip william dankworth began his musical career playing clarinet in traditional jazz bands .
more investment would go into development for mobile phones and sites outside the us .
narrow titanium alloy implants inserted into the gum to replace missing or dam-aged teeth .
xinhua reported at least 1,482 cases had been reported by monday in the city .
he stepped in some snow he thought was solid , but it gave way .
however , some performers said they had less pride in their chosen performance art .
" we 're going to win three-nil , " shouted one optimistically before kick-off .
but if the job market weakens significantly from here , that will likely change .
brokaw says his car slid into the median and collided with the mail truck .
it added that it was continuing efforts to reduce annual costs by £ 40m .
i imagine this will have far reaching consequences for the rest of the country .
first , governments have to ensure that deposits are guaranteed up to £ 100,000 .
some of the worst-performing funds offer certain policyholders some of the most valuable guarantees .
it is unclear what is in the drums but it may include nitric acid .
the date of that contest could be changed to accommodate a new presidential primary .
while his popularity remains strong , obama 's overall ratings have slipped a bit .
an investigation found that he died of hypothermia after drinking high amounts of alcohol .
video revenue fell slightly to $ 4.79 billion but internet and phone revenue rose .
fisk said the shaming of america , but it 's not just their shame .
" but we must concentrate on ourselves and what we 're going to do .
clearly , the shift from a defense-based to a broader security-based alliance is essential .
dr. jon lapook talks with author dan buettner about how lifestyle leads to longevity .
the fda estimates that unapproved drugs account for 2 percent of all prescriptions filled .
the house and senate are working out differences between competing versions of the legislation .
why would i need to ask what seemed like an out of left-field question ?
the staff went on strike after not receiving risk allowance payments for six months .
about 100 new jobs are to be created in belfast by gem call centre .
mccurry awarded three spot-kicks during he match , including one to the home side .
she describes her relationship status as " complicated " and says she dislikes spiders .
but the real reason for jobs 's pull-out may be much simpler than that .
" i 'll throw way before that in a game , " he said .
on thursday , ms blears insisted her own position in the cabinet was secure .
guantanamo was opened to hold prisoners captured in the administration 's war on terror .
washington ( ap ) - the associated press is uncalling the minnesota senate race .
given that labour 's policies led to economic ruin , why compromise with them ?
splashes of red brighten the terrain at grandfather mountain near linville , north carolina .
one side-effect of the so-called war on terror has been a crisis of liberalism .
i remember being behind rubens but then i don 't remember anything else anymore .
boulanger also has teens living with him from the congo , china and myanmar .
the suspect wasn 't identified , dawn , the english-language pakistan newspaper , reported .
22 ) : it 's important to look ahead and prepare for imminent needs .
starr is the second person hired to lead baylor in the last five years .
scores of companies have launched internal probes or are the subject of official investigations .
the dolphins started training camp late , and shula decided to conduct four-a-day practices .
crumbling gatsby-esque estates are a reminder of a former age of north american excess .
and obama appeared to be gaining support from russia for tougher measures against iran .
the endless campaign thus encourages the flow of private money into our political system .
after a cold and snowy february across most of the u.s. , weather improved .
he was treated for serious head injuries but died in whiston hospital on saturday .
veronza bowers jr. is shown in this undated photograph with his daughter and grandson .
the performance launched his career and he was soon branded " the voice . "
0935bst : ben ainslie leads race eight in the finn class of the sailing .
two years ago , he and gary habermas might indeed have been good friends .
we have a general idea of stanley that fits into our hardware-store purchase heuristics .
but these companies say that their sequencers can be used for new medical applications .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.48 gmt on wednesday 13 january 2010 .
if it makes you feel better---i 'm not trying to stop you !
taken together , it remains hard to see a sustained rise in corporate profitability .
spending cuts usually hit staffing hardest because salaries take up most of the budgets .
he would later hint to reporters what would happen , though few believed him .
lowe 's rival home depot inc. is set to report second-quarter earnings on tuesday .
q : how did you come to start writing from a cat 's view ?
wharton 's mba students can act as consultants at the small business development center .
" our writers are going to be writing very fast , " he said .
" kennedy is suffering from brain cancer and was not expected to be present .
casualties had declined in recent months in line with a sharp drop in violence .
malkin and jordan staal led the penguins with a goal and an assist each .
apart from shareholders hoping for dividends , few are worried about the local banks .
plans for a one-off tax on bonuses are little more than a symbolic pinprick .
secretary of state hillary rodham clinton drew a furious reaction from beijing on jan .
youtube will supply the online infrastructure and sales support to showcase universal 's content .
also , concurrently , north korea has been systematically disabling the yongbyon nuclear reactor .
at the other extreme , they could open the door to undesirable judicial activism .
ces , which began in 1967 , was originally focused on home entertainment gear .
8 : for the first time , congress overrode a veto by president bush .
chairman jim smith said the budget was needed in order to serve the county .
columbus goaltender steve mason won the calder trophy as the league 's top rookie .
i don 't want something thrown together in a short time to appease voters .
cllr morey remembers that the town felt " utter dismay " at the closure .
recent polls have shown that about one-fourth of voters now identify themselves as republicans .
a fight broke out which left two young men dead and another two injured .
the attempts by her husband to make the campaign racially biased are a disgrace .
france 's cac-40 was up 37.28 points , or 1.2 percent , at 3,218.28 .
sen. ted stevens arrives at the courthouse friday with his daughter , beth stevens .
cnn 's dana bash , ed henry and mark preston contributed to this report .
it was unclear what practical effect , if any , the ruling would have .
election years typically bring an upswing in government spending on social and infrastructure projects .
later that night he was transferred along with two other men to another house .
they 're not matching or surpassing her preparation , whatever they say about gender .
the barrier technology was licensed from quick-med technologies , inc. in q1 of 2007 .
they should , because several very capable types have been around quite a while .
essel noted that she is running for the council seat as a private individual .
but currently well over 13,000 auctions post wii consoles at the online auction house .
this seems to imply recycling , although it really doesn 't answer the question .
and a search of his arlington home thursday by police turned up no gun .
it may be reasonable for the public to ask to see the actual figures .
minneapolis-based medtronic says the agreement settles all outstanding coronary stent litigation between the companies .
abhisit 's office says the date and location will be worked out with protesters .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.57 gmt on wednesday 28 october 2009 .
steven eguchi said last week , adding that no evidence of foul play exists .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.42 gmt on tuesday 11 january 2011 .
generally dull , dark brown to black in colour , and soft and crumbly .
the 27-year-old swisher batted .262 with 22 home runs for the athletics in 2007 .
but it is not on my driver 's license , and never will be .
south hampstead high school in north-west london said arrangements were being made for exams .
" fighting it out in the media would be a losing battle for her .
the project may not be built yet , but it has already attracted headlines .
lying second is current prime minister yulia tymoshenko , the president 's estranged ally .
the ghastly toll is actually an improvement over last year , ria novosti reported .
bill whitaker reports the country 's current chaos may increase the trafficking of children .
duane owusu , of no fixed abode , has been charged with his murder .
holder 's remark that they are a " shared responsibility " is an impertinence .
sunday 's win pushed the rockets to 46-20 while los angeles dropped to 45-21 .
henry was suspended by the league for the first eight games of last season .
" the signing of this agreement is a very significant achievement for new zealand .
after proposition 13 , education spending per pupil dropped to 48th in the nation .
what 's it like to have rush limbough do all your thinking for you ?
and this is still the country to which most people would like to emigrate .
dabbagh said an ownership dispute over the yacht had concluded in a french court .
inside the mousehole , the mouse sits in his chair , reading a book .
authorities in the united states , sweden and denmark have already accepted the offer .
barack obama speaks at the convention of unity : journalists of color in chicago .
( ap ) - the minnesota vikings have signed second-round draft pick phil loadholt .
conducted by david zinman , they end their concert with mahler 's fourth symphony .
it will eventually run the length of new zealand from cape reinga to bluff .
although jewelry is the most common push present , virtually anything heartfelt will suffice .
i am heartened to learn that humour has not completely flat-lined in the nhs .
a representative of the dalai lama said he was not surprised by the decision .
they can be provided with water troughs and moved seasonally to prevent land damage .
now it is a quiet area and is a bit of a beauty spot .
others are captured insurgents -- terrorists , car-bombers , ied makers , and throat-slashers .
the work force has exploded from about 100 then to more than 51,000 now .
22 / prnewswire-firstcall / - magna entertainment corp. webcast the conference call at www.magnaentertainment.com.
11 , during a parade marking the 31st anniversary of its 1979 islamic revolution .
of those , 40 % believe it will continue for more than two years .
" cause if i 'm going to die , i 'll drive to alaska .
analysts surveyed by thomson reuters predict a full-year profit of 62 cents per share .
at that moment i was a grandson talking to a gp about his grandmother .
microsoft windows , exchange , sql server , ntfs file systems and oracle ) .
the grim development raised the prospect of more bodies being discovered at the site .
after a wispy single-line introduction from the quartet came a pure euphonious vocal chord .
( cnn ) -- the 3-d entertainment craze continues to spread to video games .
the vehicles made at the south carolina plant have taken an even bigger hit .
i was especially nervous because i talked to my brothers , " halpern said .
elfman and husband bodhi elfman already have a son , story elias , 2 .
lasting only four minutes , mukasey 's comments aimed to calm the bruised department .
the amount of outstanding consumer credit is now about what is was in 2007 .
rivers finished the half 13 of 18 for 145 yards and the two scores .
politics tends to slow down in august , when many ministers are on holiday .
marrowgate could become nastier than anything westminster can produce as david cameron could testify .
she held her thermos filled with fresh-squeezed orange juice and just a little gin .
" where is the justice in that ? " he said in court documents .
all of paris 's traditional six " palaces " are owned by foreign groups .
her habit grew worse and she stopped going to work , eventually selling herself .
but i 'm betting that will change as perry keeps rolling up the grosses .
the 90-minute webcast was the single live source of content from the red carpet .
it is under three sets of u.n. sanctions for refusing to freeze uranium enrichment .
victor dahdaleh , an environmentally-friendly industrialist , introduced him by declaring : " how ?
she regards the scheme as a community of friends who help each other out .
it has happened with amantadine , which has been around since the 60s . "
byrd said those were the situations coaches wait their whole lives to be in .
" the situation is quiet now but obviously very tense , " he said .
the newly decoded genome shows that the fungus produces quantities of enzymes called lipases .
hayward will be playing in the nba someday , and maybe howard , too .
preamble good afternoon and a happy all hallows to each and everyone of you .
a report suggested that he could be under the influence of a controlled substance .
juries acquitted the british commander and six soldiers for the murder of five americans .
but you must draw on something for the turmoil you show in the film .
just think of everything that can be built that does not need congressional approval .
it remains to be seen if the worst is over for china 's exporters .
the draw begins at 11am ( 12pm cet ) at uefa headquarters in switzerland .
more recently , a number of charities have even opened their own online shops .
if partner encourages with a cue bid of four spades , bid six clubs .
making matters worse is the fact that diesel fuel currently costs more than gasoline .
there was no immediate word on how long it would take to restore power .
kim said a graduate student was using the computer thursday when the battery melted .
they are also very competitive , well turned out and like to party outdoors .
the activists he gathered at the white house represent some of the most prominent .
the korean central bank trimmed its lending rate three-quarters of a percentage point monday .
copeland : we get along in every way until it comes to music . ...
they made it two in a row tuesday but it was far from easy .
the un has called for a massive and urgent injection of emergency humanitarian aid .
joanglia howard said she got news of her son 's death about 4 a.m.
i 'm glad there 's this great renaissance - with 3d television coming too .
" we 've got to get control of our borders , " he said .
others seek to match the skill and copy the beauty of what came before .
but studies indicate that residues can remain in the soil for about a year .
it , and the impreza wrx , are cars that very much divide opinion .
cornerback eric wright is effective and can take an interception back to the house .
but greenpeace says the power station is an example of " dinosaur technology . "
a lot of hard work went into their production , especially in the arrangements .
other stars who have received the honor twice include george clooney and brad pitt .
alex rodriguez has admitted using a " banned substance " during the 2001-2003 seasons .
too bad our politicians and military ' professionals ' can 't do the same .
four other young men were injured in the crash - two of them critically .
that amounts to a 5 percent tax on industry profits , the fdic estimated .
the department for transport says distractions account for 12 % of all road accidents .
which is fitting , because she 'd been praying for it for so long .
more than two years later , flip returned for another photo shoot with ali .
they led by 15 points after the first quarter and were never really threatened .
negotiations were completed well ahead of contract expiration on 2 / 29 / 09 .
even she has been surprised by how much difference it 's made , though .
other bottlenecks on last year 's list have dropped off the top 100 entirely .
high feed costs and low chicken prices during the quarter hurt all chicken producers .
top daily rates-up to £ 170 p / d. energy saving trust. scotland .
what ayn rand is to young libertarians , chesterton is to teenage catholic conservatives .
i will see how the mood develops and then watch some matches on tv .
the nasdaq composite index jumped 24.13 points , or 1.05 percent , to 2,327.48 .
( can you do pilates in a suit while shouting on a mobile ? )
you know , i 've run projects that provided aid for prisoners in prisons .
but he said that the military budget must be increased and spent more wisely .
people don 't see the agonies i went through to keep the pub open .
last week , kiwanuka said he had gained a new awareness of spine injuries .
bill burton , a spokesman for mr. obama , was brimming with equal brio .
the former child soldiers say they want simply to be reunited with their families .
the daughters of president barack obama have helped inaugurate something new in san francisco .
it is working on a number of additional initiatives to strengthen its cash flow .
carlos villanueva ( 3-5 ) got the win with two scoreless innings of relief .
we 'll stay on top of it and i hope you 'll be watching .
they sing ! iif it 's not broke , don 't fix it ! !
if approved , microsoft 's technology will process yahoo 's searches behind the scenes .
" we were disappointed on saturday and we needed to be brave this time .
porter carried out the attack two days after being given probation for another assault .
he said california receives less back on every dollar it sends than other states .
in other patriots news , special teams ace larry izzo isn 't going anywhere .
special correspondent naseer nouri and a special correspondent in ramadi contributed to this report .
but track security personnel intervened and directed her back to her own pit area .
is she han chinese or a member of one of the many ethnic minorities ?
but that doesn 't stop clients from listening to the edicts of their facialists .
sales plummeted by 58 per cent in the first three months of this year .
he had it checked out and team trainers are calling it a muscle strain .
hundreds of palestinians continued to shuttle back and forth across the border on thursday .
some anglicans cast him out ; others see him as the church 's future .
solvay shares hit a two-week high , rising 4.3 per cent to € 60.95 .
cleashindra hall was two weeks shy of her high school graduation when she disappeared .
is my arizona home in jeopardy if i walk away from the california home ?
in such a scenario , sinks will be less able to soak up co2 .
the ftse 250 mid-cap index started the session 0.4 per cent lower at 8,343.04 .
in their writing , students might choose to examine how heroism emerges from tragedy .
" all nhs capital funding announced in the recent spending review is secured . "
they set that up and see if you can hold your body out sideways .
the level of insurgent and militia activity in coming months is difficult to predict .
" he was frightened he might hurt himself or someone , " she said .
but they still couldn 't pinpoint his source of his distress and behavioral quirks .
the share of the estate appears to have gone to mr stuart 's brother .
the world 's population is expected to reach eight billion within about 30 years .
" no side can say it alone represents all sunnis , " he said .
assets and debts also matter a great deal for family well-being and intergenerational mobility .
campbell also asked brown if he believed that teenagers ought to stop having sex .
four soldiers were injured as were dozens of civilians caught up in the blast .
secretary napolitano is expected to soon formally announce new guidelines for workplace immigration enforcement .
" i would like to see him go to jail , " harding said .
" i wanted my grandson to be part of this , " orozco said .
he too was accused of being a spy for the u.s. central intelligence agency .
be sure to scrape all the eggs into the pan with a rubber spatula .
just for a couple of events the whole playing field shouldn 't be changed .
but mark lyman of stillwater and david landfear of cohoes asked to be identified .
tomorrow darling will announce that his bleak assessment then was on the optimistic side .
cnn 's ivan watson , elise labott and alan silverleib contributed to this report .
however ; the hearing has been postponed , according to local baton rouge sources .
that was the main reason the wall went up : to stop the vehicles .
questions surrounding how kennedy survived while kopechne drowned have haunted the senator ever since .
whisk together cilantro , lime zest , lime juice and shallot in medium bowl .
mr mccain 's main office is in farmington hills , in oakland 's heart .
ana de jesus worried that charter schools would reject disabled students or english-language learners .
sampson said he 's not concerned about the opinions of those with limited information .
with 85 percent of precincts reporting , landrieu had 67 percent of the vote .
there are two main factors driving the demand for utility structures in north america .
one of the first lessons was just how dependent we were on the weather .
on one side is the so-called people 's alliance for democracy ( pad ) .
dion said corey told him she was pregnant shortly after a breakup in october .
if , that is , you even use a separate e-mail program these days .
today , africa has less large-scale commercial agriculture than it had 50 years ago .
it is here where mr cameron and george osborne need to concentrate their efforts .
traces of the chinese takeover during the christmas period are to be found everywhere .
he likened the bnp to dissidents who fought totalitarianism in eastern europe and zimbabwe .
quarterly revenue rose 12 percent to $ 6.34 billion , from $ 5.66 billion .
the rules governing the parliamentary expenses system are notoriously lax and difficult to interpret .
the ftse 100 has broken through 4,000 for the first time since late february .
it 's not easy , but you need to look no further than pelikan .
she said her father kept fit and was a member of the wyre ramblers .
this particular writer , i think , has taken issue with a few things .
both have good reputations , although cedars ' sixth form is considered slightly better .
he also denied the attempted murder of two window cleaners on the same day .
" it 's a problem that spans the income spectrum , " collins said .
and for conservation biologists , the scat samples can readily translate into key findings .
zuma counters that shapiro 's cartoons are insulting and has sued him for libel .
he was a 50-year-old family man ; head of reception at a five-star hotel .
a girl in mexico city wears a mask outside the metropolitan cathedral on sunday .
and then the screams started , and continued when the nominations kept coming in .
trading profit had been " in line with the same period last year . "
and my test car came with a usb connection port for an mp3 player .
honda has also not escaped the flurry of technical problems dogging the japanese car-makers .
microsoft already does much more on domestic front than just about any other company .
notes : spring training instructors yogi berra and reggie jackson arrived in camp . ...
but the politics on and off capitol hill have been brutal and heavily partisan .
an earlier version of this post identified jacoby jones as playing for the packers .
" i can 't recall , " shaw replied , quick as a flash .
now that they have a hunch about their immediate future , what about ours ?
however , after its recent run , there will be better times to buy .
the change follows high-profile documentaries on channel 4 by hugh fearnley-whittingstall and jamie oliver .
treasury secretary hank paulson might want tarp 's capital purchase programme to spur lending .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused muslim extremists of spreading lies to foment violence .
two main sources of the chemicals are found in food and in household products .
it saw levee breaches in katrina , and again during hurricanes gustav and ike .
40 colquhoun avenue , hillington , glasgow , ( 0141-882 8282 , www.scope-bathrooms.co.uk ) .
callie probably had been hit by car or got hung up on a fence .
no players were identified , but questions received several " no comment " answers .
dave looked proud when asked why he was making a speech about a pinprick .
karting offers the thrills and spills of real-life racing but with less powerful machines .
a basement lounge with an entrance hidden between a kebab shop and an off-licence .
the canopies are white with metal frames and measure 10 feet by 20 feet .
it also testified to the new power of twitter and other social networking sites .
amid the lack of progress in the case , suspicion and mistrust took root .
a draft circulated ahead of the conference clearly blames human activities for rising temperatures .
and you can 't go inside because the building has been converted into apartments .
every event was tightly scripted , and the virus emerged in an easily-contained village .
the couple had separated five months before her final depression and suicide in 1963 .
" this is where epigenetics will come into its own , " he said .
i want to practice my private life as i please , " he said .
" my sister said ' i 'm walking out the door in a hurry .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.00 gmt on tuesday 24 november 2009 .
the top prize this year went to the 1,950 tickets bearing the number 78294 .
we must bring back into society a deeper sense of the purpose of living .
it has also worked with landowners to manage and enhance suitable habitat for them .
it 's set in the very near future when antismoking laws are becoming draconian .
the people on the continent of africa have to know they 're not alone .
it will be a challenging season for the mountain resorts to say the least .
the society said the cuckoo population in britain has declined 37 percent since 1994 .
edwards : mind you , we left half our guts in the kruger park .
but i look at her and i see what she says on other issues .
the merged bank would leapfrog bnp paribas and societe generale in terms of size .
the measure sharply reduced the number of unvaccinated children although nobody has been charged .
american execs gamed the system and built corporate profits and empires using ponzi schemes .
and it will only get more difficult if the iran question is not resolved .
his strike partner , flavio , completed the 3-1 rout with a late header .
keenum , statistically one of the nation 's best quarterbacks , completed 30-of-43 passes .
there can be absolutely no accusations that ' whitey is doing us again . "
the police ferried the bodies of the men they had shot to the mortuary .
they entered the night four points out of the final eastern conference playoff position .
patients ' relatives are being urged to stay away unless a visit is essential .
a key survey this week showed activity at factories at near-record lows last month .
fort hood suspect hasan went into a 7-eleven morning of shooting to buy coffee .
and you might as well get a convertible , ' " she told us .
if your car is fitted with illegal or defective tyres the penalties are steep .
to access the replay , dial ( 888 ) 203-1112 and provide code 7492235 .
he said maybe and that there was at least one in there worth saving .
cho : what was it about what richard said to you that inspired you ?
congress has already scheduled an accountability hearing for march 5 on the stimulus package .
navy officials said the voice was recorded from the internationally recognized bridge-to-bridge radio channel .
the 2006 suicide rate was the highest since us army records began in 1980 .
there may be attempts to persuade him to sacrifice this payment to avoid embarrassment .
but for the jury , in the end it all came down to recklessness .
hair and beauty , hospitality and sport will be added to the repertoire soon .
new yorkers think that 's the way it should have been done all along .
for most of the time it 's been about 12 to 13 per cent .
large areas of the province , including rice paddies nearing harvest , are flooded .
nathaniel fuller sees the shooting today as clearly as he did seven months ago .
at the same time people 24 and under are choosing school instead of work .
might the struggling regime of north korea be tempted to use its tiny arsenal ?
he wiped down shotgun shells before loading them so there 'd be no fingerprints .
in a large bowl , sift flour , soda , spices , and salt .
" sharon was a wonderful mother , wife , sister , daughter and friend .
ah , the wild , wacky tax code--you gotta love it .
he was widely credited with saving jazz fm from instant death on that occasion .
" brazil took advantage of its opportunities , " uruguay coach oscar tabarez said .
send us your stories - and a picture of you , with your phone .
groll said the board was also reviewing whether ortloff will continue to be paid .
del potro held steady there , and federer would never come that close again .
a 60 per cent reduction in violence has fuelled expectations of further troop cuts .
now they are arguing that growth doesn 't matter or might actually be harmful .
mrs clinton is on a five-day visit and spent the first two in mumbai .
if businesses are attracted by low taxes , they may leave if rates rise .
and so this is just one way of doing that , " he added .
bond prices rose sharply as investors searched for safety amid the global stock pullback .
it was impossible to independently verify either claim because of remoteness of the area .
0425bst : did you see that naughty boy james tindall in the hockey yesterday ?
ribery is afforded a standing ovation after a masterclass from his magic red boots .
they even said on russian tv that i was going to sue the atp .
the two firms used to be seen as allies against the dominance of microsoft .
the cougars also went 2-for-16 from 3-point range as the tar heels pulled away .
soon he was turning the keating episode into a similar parable of short-sighted self-interest .
the villagers , meanwhile , simply awaited their own deaths , or their bereavements .
the most recent , iranian american reporter roxana saberi , was released last month .
across the country , law enforcement officials report more empty houses are being burglarized .
king converted many critics and so will obama , king 's sister farris said .
the consumer-friendly fox 50 fell 7.87 points , or 0.86 % , to 912.17 .
he died the next day , just hours before his 33rd birthday on saturday .
tv tonight : secret girlfriend : who do you think you are ? 3 .
total summer rain was well above nine inches , a little less than normal .
hadn 't i worked hard to get to grammar school and then to university ?
many expect policy makers at the fed to announce lower lending rates wednesday afternoon .
nobody interpreted , and only a handful of audience members seemed to understand him .
curlin dominated street sense and derby runner-up hard spun in voting for male 3-year-old .
we don 't target civilians and regret any casualties , " o 'hara said .
it was a popular success , playing 679 performances and also pleased the critics .
please go to www.bloomsburyauctions.com to view the catalogue , auction calendar and sale results .
the people believed the lies that were told and found out the hard way .
cctv cameras and a security light are mounted at the rear of the terrace .
the two men have been named special administrators of jackson 's estate until aug .
father james made his fortune in the houston real estate market of the 1980s .
climate change or otherwise , this is simply not sustainable in the long run .
the brazilian also scored in standard 's 1-0 win over partizan belgrade last week .
agricole shares slid almost 3.4 per cent , down € 0.6 at € 17.21 .
such ballot applications are on the back of each sample ballot mailed to voters .
amtrak said it carried 26 million passengers last year , its highest ridership ever .
the trip to the station is like a sampler plate of modes of transportation .
the associated press is a not-for-profit news cooperative owned by its member news organizations .
open farming was linked to around 2 per cent of last year 's outbreaks .
the goal was to raise $ 1 million for the elizabeth taylor aids foundation .
" i don 't know what the outcome will be , " he said .
k2-st4 produced more than 5,000 barrels of oil in november , the company said .
fixx 's own book , in hindsight , is almost pulsing with public-safety warnings .
thin-bodied stains that have the consistency of water are formulated to do just that .
by september 24th , mr paulson seemed to be bending to all these conditions .
some people don 't need classes in home refinancing ; they need common sense .
i had to give up my passion , basketball , because of my concussions .
ferriss is on the bleeding edge of a new trend in self-tracking and experimentation .
but for japan , to return to norm is to restore an abnormal export-dependence .
from the reviews , i gather that these expressions are favorites with morgan himself .
indeed , apple 's engineers are likely to pay close attention to the n900 .
he said mr. speight was being taken to an undisclosed location to be interviewed .
it 's a common scene in america -- and the latest craze in baghdad .
that meant a restart , which is tough on the body and the mind .
the civil suit seeks at least $ 10 million dollars from smith and others .
i 'm an owner of an escort agency , " he told the newspaper .
" i can 't do this , this is crazy , " shatner said .
i had gone to harvard , i had solved all these really big problems .
later it emerged the kingsholm and wootton neighbourhood partnership had sent the leaflets out .
i can scarcely gather a handful of algerian iris without breaking off the heads .
didn 't even exist back in 1999 , as far as i can remember .
the lewes pound works like a voucher and is equal to a sterling pound .
but giuliani leads gillibrand 54 percent to 40 percent in a possible senate run .
and the only way that 's going to happen is if parents take power .
the two companies have been in talks since early this year , executives said .
smith , a lawyer in private practice , was chosen by reagan in 1981 .
hamilton has since been thrown out of the race and trulli 's position restored .
by making up the difference from the success fee , that fee is reduced .
for those who hate crosswords but still fancy shining at work - fear not .
" it doesn 't look normal , a pregnant woman exerting herself that much .
in addition , the american bar association announced a unanimous endorsement for sotomayor today .
in truth , the omens looked bleak for the foxes from the opening moments .
mr beck has won the accolade by pulling the spd out of a tailspin .
paul geddes , running the uk retail bank , will head these insurance businesses .
21 / prnewswire / -- sean " diddy " combs and liz claiborne inc .
does it cease activity within the first 2 seconds , the first 2 minutes ?
in recent years , the venture investment climate became overheated , mr. kalb said .
sales plummeted dramatically in parts of the country that were hit with bad weather .
he predicted revolutionary consequences although he was not sure what form they would take .
jessica felt lucky to have developed a close relationship with hazel and her daughters .
kemp served as the university 's proctor in convocation for 20 years from 1949 .
so ruby wound up taking out another loan to pay off the first one .
and at the table were the leaders of the central government , as well .
human rights watch said even people who did not attend rallies have been shot .
the us geological survey 's rapid reporting system registered the quake at magnitude 8.1 .
there are about 510,000 pupils in independent schools represented by the independent schools council .
she asked us , ' how did you know i was here ? " '
luke branquinho of los alamos , calif . , is second with $ 148,214 .
i am still no closer to finding a job then i was last year .
rio chairman jan du plessis arrives in australia this week to talk to shareholders .
now mugler is getting high prices , especially with beyoncé wearing him on tour .
the floors and walls of their homes are severely cracked , and thus uninhabitable .
he was definitely deceived , " said erhan karaboga , a friend of his .
the recent shooting of a student 's friend set off a wave of grief .
some farmer 's tractors have even been drained of diesel , " he said .
ok , singing may be a stretch ; it 's more of a hum .
the lack of a burial place means that neo-nazis have no shrine to venerate .
japan returned to growth in the second quarter after its most brutal postwar recession .
also on the u.s. team were j.r. celski , travis jayner and jordan malone .
check out the overview , milage , pictures and get a free price quote .
" that 's why this legislation is unique and groundbreaking , " she added .
this change in attitude is having an impact beyond the hospital , he said .
peter pan is returning to kensington gardens for the first time in 100 years .
shannon macgough began the day singing " cry baby , " by janis joplin .
nevertheless dempsey did cross the tryline three minutes later after a superbly worked try .
the team is the no. 1 seed for the first time since 1980 .
and few parents mind a compliment about their childrens ' cuteness or good behavior .
on the foreign exchange market , the european single currency advanced to 1.4065 dollars .
the commoditization of drugs has created a sort of entitlement among patients , too .
skills secretary john denham said english language skills were vital to promoting community cohesion .
ofcom points out that no one technology will answer the needs for more bandwidth .
shares were up 88 cents at $ 7.50 in trading before the market opened .
the threat count carries a maximum 10-year sentence and $ 250,000 fine upon conviction .
he also caught a scoring pass , giving him six tds for the season .
sec ( the " offer documentation " ) for free at www.sec.gov and www.ambev-ir.com.
" we have to reverse this coup and i plan to do it peacefully .
evolutionary psychologists contend that these are innate traits inherited from ancient hunters and gatherers .
a second was shot dead by police , and his vest failed to detonate .
they are also excited by the opportunities that tablets offer to combine various media .
among the exceptional pieces is an " unequalled " group of 26 pre-war televisions .
if you add and subtract contrast , the shadow position is almost the same .
" it was lunchtime and most lawyers were standing outside ( the courtrooms ) .
teddy pendergrass ii , 35 , is a financial consultant who lives near philadelphia .
local football stands on the threshold of a potential massive injection of taxpayers money .
the australian captain , an honourable man in defeat , would concur with that .
and some obituaries for the centre-right had been written at least a year earlier .
our common sense and sense of fair play are crucial to the national conversation .
" we still have the ability to enforce good quality , " weems said .
at 9-under , he held a two shot over anthony kim ( 67 ) .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.13 gmt on thursday 18 march 2010 .
he says the pictures raise questions about johnson 's treatment of 8-month-old gabriel johnson .
halloween haunt is a special ticketed event and requires a separate ticket for admission .
with the israelis consistently rebuffing that demand , that would rule out new talks .
he could also miss his side 's trip to burnley on wednesday august 19 .
that was still 13 % lower than the same week last year , however .
i think there is a much more important reason for us being in iraq .
three hundred endoscopic training bases sent their experts and leaders to attend this conference .
anyway , i think you should get this possibility out of the way first .
the public-interest associates are eagerly awaited , but they won 't be entirely cost-free .
the three met prior to the new york philharmonicʼs landmark concert tuesday in pyongyang .
all her alleged victims were very young and disabled or very old and ill .
the scottish government said this would not be classed as " close contact . "
it was orphans of war that filled the ranks of gods soldiers in pakistan .
they 've upped the diplomatic rhetoric in the un ; and that will continue .
the investigations did find , however , that for several years after the sept .
yasamin is a 17-year-old schoolgirl from kabul who also works as a football coach .
" there were no deaths but 21 people were wounded , " he said .
in 2001 , americans received checks from the government designed to stimulate the economy .
the event on friday at 1600 gmt is part of the winterfest glasgow festival .
singapore had previously hosted the international trade show , asian aerospace , for decades .
my late husband and his father drew this block of land in a ballot .
two firefighting crews were called to the weetabix factory at burton latimer near kettering .
if burris will not resign and will not admit to perjury , impeach him .
johnson said his company did more than $ 10 million in sales last year .
" it 's like a tap has been switched off , " he said .
revenue slid 5.4 percent to $ 21 billion and same-store sales fell 7.9 percent .
if that doesn 't work , then we test it over and over again .
the cabbie slammed on his brakes as soon as he realized what had happened .
since then ms müller , who writes in german , has lived in berlin .
" he was a keen and talented musician and particularly enjoyed playing the guitar .
nbc paid $ 2.2 billion for the 2010 vancouver olympics and 2012 london games .
the channel can also be seen via the satellite providers dish network and directv .
a police spokesperson have said the men are currently helping them with their enquiries .
" i am already feeling refreshed , reinvigorated and excited about the challenge ahead .
representative jeff flake , republican of arizona , thinks restrictions will get even tighter .
publicly , caldwell chooses his words carefully and doesn 't get involved in controversy .
about 1.3 million wild alligators live among 18 million people in the sunshine state .
" but this independence day , i rejoiced with a frown on my face .
brits jemma simpson , marilyn okoro and jenny meadows goes in the 800m semis .
don 't be deceived into seeing this as a sister to the fairtax reform .
it has also been able to grab wealthier consumers trading down from higher-priced stores .
in a sense , the 2 million plus americans with celiac disease are lucky .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.52 gmt on friday 8 january 2010 .
costumes can help make or break a routine as viewed from the proscenium stage .
the bracts that never formed on your plants are the parts that are eaten .
" the cctv footage reviewed in court was truly shocking , " he said .
the frenchman is known for his big serve so it is a strange decision .
i interviewed pérez on friday in his small office suite behind the assembly chamber .
all had four children and every one of us are still alive and well .
just visualising michael howard 's smug visage had doubters scrabbling for mislaid polling cards .
7 in a five-player deal that sent speedy outfielder michael bourn to the astros .
there are many people struggling with drugs and alcohol in every walk of life .
but the toughest luck for celtic was to draw arsenal in the first place .
analysts polled by reuters had expected an annual rate of 520,000 units for april .
hints at israeli peace , but it 's unclear how much clout he has .
the man is due to appear before stratford-upon-avon magistrates ' court on 19 march .
brussels fears the measure may mainly benefit large multiplexes which should need less support .
the shares gained 39 cents , or 6.5 percent , in the regular session .
redmond , including improvements to roads , sewers and an overpass over sr 520 .
no one was home at the mckeesport home of johnson 's father on sunday .
the bombing killed 270 people , including 97 from new jersey or new york .
however , the kidnappers released lacaba thursday into the custody of a government emissary .
october gasoline futures moved 0.48 cent higher to close at $ 1.9645 a gallon .
" we are getting it repaired , lots of people have asked about it .
" i 've got a lot of junk in there , " he mused .
the first rule when doing any type of filming is to do it safely .
the absence of such a measure made the fine unenforceable , the order indicates .
penguins d sergei gonchar missed a third consecutive game with a groin injury . ...
under the second tender offer , vivendi will increase its stake to 68 percent .
that was still points ahead of the conservatives who were unchanged on 33 % .
internet users are finally coming round to the idea of paying for online content .
as long as you kick kirk off , buddy , we 're on board .
mr. lee 's wife , brenda bent , is designing the waiters ' uniforms .
he recently dropped his price for the shares to $ 26 from $ 30 .
cohen reportedly did not suffer any long-term effects from his attempt to go blonde .
it 's not the first time ucla has reinstated dragovic while he faces prosecution .
the uk does have a lower dialysis rate for kidney disease than the us .
it turned out he was unlicensed and had a complaint record a mile long .
might have worked too if he had not been lying on an iron-framed bed .
that 's the implication of a sweeping new study appearing in the journal science .
but don 't let me dissuade you from drinking yourself to an early grave .
" by changing the poem , you change the world , " said benmergui .
but to win , you just make one more goal than the other team .
the maze has been blessed by a native american in a traditional cleansing ceremony .
sullivan refused to excuse the juror , fearing it would interfere with the deliberations .
crabtree 's coffee shop would have been grandfathered in unless he made major changes .
citi has already been shored up with $ 25 billion courtesy of uncle sam .
many western nations blamed india for the collapse of the negotiations , upsetting singh .
the report said white 's breath smelled of alcohol when police spoke with him .
joe mazzulla missed all but seven games last season due to a shoulder injury .
it claims the development will have a serious and " hugely damaging " impact .
i do follow a few celebrities , but only ones who say interesting things .
it 's good to see what other people would do in a specific situation .
i spooned it over the plums , mounding it high like some gaudí spire .
especially when we 've lived through years of nook-u-ler from our yalie in chief .
his attempts to seek justice from the law are met with evasion and disinterest .
today the states of jersey senators voted unanimously in favour of a full inquiry .
gatchell added that information regarding the frequency of rosen 's alleged actions was unavailable .
safe , secure and dull -- exactly what 's needed in these volatile times .
dozens of volcanic peaks offer treks through rain forests teeming with a rich biodiversity .
freddie mac and fannie mae are a key part of the us mortgage market .
but uk manufacturers have not sat idly by as globalisation has transformed the world .
equally predictably , he was censored before his words could be broadcast to viewers .
people who are critical of kindle 's limited feature set are missing the boat .
the stock closed down thursday almost 60 percent at $ 5.00 on euronext amsterdam .
there is an ad by this for robosavvy.co.uk - high performance , low cost .
" sadly , this is not an unusual case , " a spokesperson said .
it made you remember that she was a hit stand-up comic before her sitcom .
certainly those whose money was invested with madoff have suffered the most grievous losses .
baron cohen 's publicist , matthew labov , had no comment after the show .
disney channel president rich ross confirmed to the hollywood reporter that writing was underway .
the exception was ken kesey , with whom stegner had a bitter falling out .
first of all , no darn fair to the " westies " . . ...
they generated nearly $ 4,500 from a fish fry to pay for his medications .
his elderly wife was also attacked when she tried to come to his aid .
perhaps einstein 3.0 , which would give the government the ability to fight back .
the penalty dropped busch to 14th on the final restart with 41 laps left .
the county wants to sell the contraption to pay child support owed by wygle .
it 's a relief , then , to catch him in his true element .
musa qala is the only town in afghanistan undeniably under the control of islamists .
we now make hours to be online searching about health without being physically active .
" just to quote the medical staff , his streak is not in danger .
it is mostly celebrated in february-march and it signifies the official beginning of summer .
" this has been something i have been waiting for for a long time .
chertoff promised a different federal reaction from the one in new orleans in 2005 .
there was talk of having a great tournament pre-wimbledon involving both men and women .
q. about headline language : did governor spitzer really " resign " on wednesday ?
voter turnout , which will probably be low , is crucial to the candidates .
but 59 percent of americans still said the country is on the wrong track .
they know the race is slipping away and they are trying to lure women .
the va has an overall backlog of more than 1 million disability claims pending .
many nations also have said they will withhold recognition of the winner in honduras .
denali , the denali logo and purespec are trademarks of denali software , inc .
this was not just tabloid fodder -- even the respected daily kommersant joined in .
earlier this year , chevrolet announced the return of the corvette grand sport model .
but evans ' late break drew the hosts offside and jones did the rest .
jose reyes then bunted for a single , his fourth hit of the game .
he got us into the war with lies , " trump said about bush .
then , only a few months later , she discovered she was pregnant again .
a quirk of language has made the swedes the most informal nation on earth .
watch highlights from the australian open , the first grand slam of the season .
" it does show that the fed has to hold policy steady for now .
weren 't you for the people of iran during and after the election fiasco ?
the suspect resisted the officers and was subdued with a taser , police said .
ministers were negotiating the sale of the profitable parts of the dunfermline building society .
awards were handed out to halle berry and denzel washington in the acting categories .
he was charged with violating a 2008 civil anti-harassment order taken out by paulson .
it was a message directed at both the majority , and the minority population .
they did not partially heal themselves by dreaming wild and extravagant dreams on canvas .
page dropped out of stanford graduate school to build google , the independent reported .
the move allows both institutions to create commercial banking operations that can take deposits .
this could mean a humiliating end to mr johnson 's association with the chain .
pakistani taliban chief baitullah mehsud was killed in a similar u.s. strike in august .
you can start the cultural part of your vacation before you ever leave town .
" he 's absolutely bob 's man , he 's very close to him .
the unusual thing about this warhol , however , is that it is unique .
it will be published in the may / june issue of aarp the magazine .
memorable parties for students were held in his extensive garden at kenton near exeter .
a police officer demonstrated one of the newly acquired devices for the public monday .
yet their next meal is a question mark , and plastic bags their toilet .
" stephen tragically died yesterday whilst on holiday with his partner andrew in majorca .
international callers should dial ( 973 ) 582-2847 and give the same pass code .
the girls were at clacton for a day trip with one child 's parents .
if you fail , don 't give up and don 't take it personally .
finnish authorities did not confirm exactly what youtube clips were linked to the shooter .
" i really feel that i am going to have a happy new year .
many people have heard the curious claim that women who live together menstruate together .
another man , currently an inmate in an oxfordshire prison , was also seized .
so far , it looks like " a viable alternative , " he said .
newspapers have reported four thieves , but damiani said the number was still unclear .
and gas prices are also following oil prices , which are near record levels .
a girl-guy is a person that would love san fransco , or the gay-bay !
" every day at nine in the morning joseph would go into the cellar .
those who use oil and natural gas are likely to take the biggest hit .
he urges animal rights activists to either abstain from voting or to vote no .
a windsurfer has been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of devon .
gm hopes to use heat from engine exhaust to power vehicles ' electrical systems .
after stock markets closed on friday , the shares of fannie and freddie plummeted .
all but one , the brilliant confederate general james longstreet , are unknown today .
but the state 's budget problems are a big concern , the economists said .
( cbs ) we all have 100,000 miles of blood vessels in our brains .
conservative shiite religious parties , backed by these militias , still control government ministries .
the rspca said it was pleased magistrates had dealt with thomas " appropriately . "
criminal proceedings have started against the los angeles restaurant caught selling the whale meat .
instead , several democrats talk favorably about raising payroll taxes for upper-income wage earners .
casey janssen ( 1-2 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in four innings .
instead , feast on some of the most authentic mexican food in new york .
woman says a deranged man followed her off the bus and stole her teeth .
controlled trials have shown circumcision decreases the risk of hiv , hpv and herpes .
however , the quality of the connection was not necessarily affected by the update .
there is no word on whether mccain will talk to reporters about the meeting .
paul has a strong internet campaign , as evidenced by his successful online drives .
but it 's not recommended for pregnant women because it contains a live virus .
an evacuation centre has been set up at the hospital in ottery st mary .
they heard a commotion behind them with yelling and shouting but carried on walking .
in the end , doctors told alves she needed to have a cesarean section .
foia experts say fox business 's situation -- and frustration -- is hardly unusual .
his memories of the bomb that put him there are clear to this day .
and can you imagine the coincidence that both should fall on the same day ?
rafer alston 's 3-pointer with 6 : 49 left triggered a 10-0 rockets run .
still , the times company remains in better shape than many of its rivals .
the studies don 't prove that coffee was the cause of improved health outcomes .
policymakers must temper the assumptions of conventional economics with a strong dose of realism .
( beijing ) --the olympic flame reached the top of the world thursday .
but markus rogan of austria doesn 't give all the credit to the suits .
the research is detailed in the march issue of the journal psychology & marketing .
it is about 600ft ( 183m ) above sea level where the other stands .
in situations like these , straus says , it 's best to speak up .
further investigation into the failure of a cryogenic cooling plant revealed an unusual impediment .
arrington says his message was essentially the same that comedian bill cosby has made .
not used : s taylor , m salifou , w routledge , p berger .
his drivers were not sure they would find a hospital with room for him .
roughly three-quarters of what they spend comes from central government and has strings attached .
the series shifts to orlando for games three , four and five if necessary .
he also hinted there could be more pay for heads teachers in such schools .
he may even have some grasp of why the american financial system has collapsed .
the contract later rose to a record $ 15.155 a bushel in aftermarket trading .
" i have the summer to think about my selections , " he said .
the company is hoping their size will be in inverse proportion to their impact .
we will not tolerate the death of a single whale , " he said .
of the 119 division i-a colleges , just six have african-americans as head coaches .
the commission says many cafos dump more waste than the land can cope with .
it turned out that i had to call the 800 number to redeem it .
he said it was absolute nonsense to suggest that counterfeiting was a victimless crime .
1826 - singapore , malacca and penang become british colony of the straits settlements .
gmail users can enable the gmail labs settings by going to their settings tab .
" almost daily i fight the urge to end everything , " he added .
the judges pleaded guilty to fraud and face more than seven years in prison .
now , president bush did speak in front of a joint assembly last night .
clemens , 45 , has no younger brothers and pettitte has no older brothers .
but a lot of us , including women , will still proudly support obama-biden .
spokesman stephen vokins said : " we will abide by usual lawnmower racing rules .
one ardent supporter of eco-tourism is armando cubides , who runs a local campsite .
in this view , in other words , it 's a question of redistribution .
giving them kurdish land was their reward , " says adnan fakeh , 27 .
this caused unease amongst muslims , who have a large population on the island .
" we 've got to focus on getting points from all our remaining games .
" the magic isn 't all in the web site , " heller said .
i am not convinced of the durability of this rebound , " she said .
i 've trudged through stage 3 prostate cancer and its treatment in good shape .
analysts surveyed by thomson financial had forecast a profit of 32 cents per share .
the journalists are supported in this view by the panjandrums of the sports associations .
" this is a game of seconds , " says postproduction supervisor leslie vincent .
those on the other plane simply walked through the jetway back into the terminal .
she said none of the other doctors she had been to were like that .
firefighters cannot get bulldozers in and have to dig fire lines by hand .
" russia calls on other states to follow its example , " he added .
three people who refused to be evacuated from the national forest are now trapped .
armed and ready : kyle gibson 's injury didn 't deter the minnesota twins .
it will also let passengers preorder in-flight food by the end of the year .
neill told her mother and some friends , but did not report the incident .
" i play baseball with him , he 's responsible , " another added .
protesters on both sides of the health care bill debate have voiced strong feelings .
thirty-year-old marlos hernandez agreed to a plea deal wednesday in boulder county district court .
it is the kind of consistency that would have won championships in most years .
nadal is yet to formally announce whether he will play at the hurlingham club .
in this economy , having an " in " is key with any job .
in mosul , churches opened for mass but most christians traveled to nearby qaraqosh .
what is the future of the many competing technologies such cholesteric lcds or electrochromics ?
2 is the 145th anniversary of the raising of the statue atop the dome .
in the short term , there is a place for unity in mere opposition .
he threatened a female member of staff with what appeared to be a handgun .
opposition leaders said the next move may be civil disobedience or a general strike .
cpi 's plants in colorado , nevada , and liverpool are iso 9001 certified .
" i watched the destruction of my family history , " said dr gill .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 17.24 gmt on monday 22 march 2010 .
mr duncan is especially interested in proposals to lengthen the school day and year .
onstad strained his back in a 1-0 loss to new england on saturday night .
but on tuesday , tiller 's family said there were no plans to reopen .
a : the u.s. did issue a travel advisory monday discouraging nonessential travel there .
" in our case , it 's a very new use of these structures .
medent offers software , hardware , installation , training , ongoing support and supplies .
but for employees of the biggest laggard in finance , there 's always hope .
bring the knees up to the chest , feeling the move in your core .
minnesota at jacksonville -- vikings : doubtful : te garrett mills ( ankle ) .
arthur 's house was an old colonial building in a leafy suburb of colombo .
he was hurt in the lower abdomen at the palisades shopping centre on saturday .
they are royal academy students and they have very long fingers , like et .
the new album brushes against electronic elements that have grown commonplace in world music .
" i think both colly and kp will help him , " said flower .
any change will cause inconsistencies , lessening the impact and compromising the brand . "
a woman walks past campaign posters of presidential candidate blanca ovelar in asuncion saturday .
overall , kerkorian spent about $ 1 billion to acquire his stake in ford .
" consumers are spending on necessities and looking for value and the lowest-price possible .
aamir 's friends are holding a football match in his memory later on thursday .
hammond middle school , which has 1,350 students , would be split into three .
now , she 's helping women from around the area look and feel fabulous .
the other campaigners always use their spouses to campaign , but not like this .
but our government -- run by the people we elected -- needs the revenue .
robert daws 's discomfiture as the hapless hammond induces guilty ripples of pleasing schadenfreude .
mulligan 's rivals for the best actress bafta include meryl streep and audrey tautou .
there 's a lot of greenwash going on right now , " buckley said .
the idea of cooperating more closely with china on such matters isn 't new .
already , snow cover is thinning , permafrost is retreating and glaciers are melting .
when boeing unveiled the 787 last year , it forecast a may 2008 delivery .
the farm on adderley ( seasonal american ) 1108 cortelyou road , ditmas park .
robin and hilary have been married for nearly 30 years and have two children .
he was 13 and had just become bbc young sports personality of the year .
it was recorded with producer bob ezrin at london 's air studios in july .
youkilis said the foot is better and that batting practice did not bother him .
the blackwater guards " opened fire on the citizens passing by in the street .
he also broke up two passes as philip rivers constantly threw in his direction .
well done mr mallon mayor of middlesborough for making a complaint to the police .
but since then , borrowers are paying more off their monthly balances each month .
southern leaders had urged voters to turn out en masse on the first day .
source : bjog : an international journal of obstetrics and gynaecology , october 2008 .
how could anybody criticise the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children ?
further information about qiagen can be found at http : / / www.qiagen.com / .
in the latest banjo-kazooie title , making a wacky races-style car is a hoot .
tennessee closes the regular season at seattle , which ranks 13th against the run .
reached by telephone , parnell said his attorneys had advised him not to talk .
zbikowski : you 're a mezzo soprano , with a fairly decent country performance .
david cameron forbids his daughter from listening to lily allen , he said today .
bfca members are the primary source of information for today 's film going public .
the central bank plans to boost the amount of money it auctions to banks .
" we phoned for a paramedic and a first response vehicle attended pretty quickly .
flights were canceled and delayed resulting from typhoon wipha at shanghai 's airports wednesday .
spurs , meanwhile , are third in the table five points behind leaders chelsea .
brother bartlett , coming from a rich political tradition , has it all wrong .
its assets are greater than the size of belgium 's annual domestic economic output .
" he said he felt backed into a corner , " one source said .
chicago quickly fell behind 25-7 late in the first quarter thanks to poor shooting .
attraction is a key element in every relationship , especially in the beginning stages .
4.15pm : newcastle are making loads of chances but not converting any of them .
limiting naked short selling will therefore not prevent drastic price declines of troubled companies .
the audit bureau of circulations won 't be releasing its latest figures until oct .
( washingtonpost.com ) this story was written by perry bacon jr. and jonathan weisman .
a total of nine people were involved in the accident but none were hurt .
iran denies the site is operational and says it is not producing nuclear material .
a previously unknown muslim group , deccan mujahideen , claimed responsibility for the attacks .
columbia records , like the other record companies , is in a freefall downward .
baxter has contracts with five countries including the uk , ireland and new zealand .
later , demonstrators across the city smashed bottles and the windows of a cafe .
he is optimistic of striking a deal that could bring in £ 20 million .
mr. peng wanted to see the olympic venues where he had hoped to compete .
20 after the government announced it was planning to introduce the individual investor plan .
it was a visit that led tory mps to accuse mr brown of hypocrisy .
" hulk 's serial cheating destroyed our marriage , our family and our future .
the dogs were taken from homes in the forest of dean area of gloucestershire .
mallett started the second half and threw an interception midway through the third quarter .
strong wind in neighboring iowa killed two teenagers and knocked out power to thousands .
manaudou nevertheless booked her spot for the olympics with her time of 4min 6.67sec.
another is a memorial picture of his first wife , carol , now deceased .
a second spanish man also arrested over the incident has been released on bail .
whatever the provenance , the style spread quickly among cowboys , and soon beyond .
" this is not an indicator of a pervasive problem , " he said .
easy as pie is right : there was nary a dud in the bunch .
" it is an economic organization , " said opec secretary general abdullah al-badri .
in many ways it is a book of social and moral psychology and sociology .
the massachusetts institute of technology is one of my favourite places on the planet .
the exif data can be used by image-editing programs and printers to enhance photos .
it 's not something i think any member of my family is pleased with .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.32 bst on tuesday 13 october 2009 .
morris is awaiting trial , along with david loglisci , a former pension-fund official .
the election 's outcome was unchanged , and opponents appeared calmed by the recount .
suddenly a player would score big and his exploits would be publicized by sunrise .
the slumping yankees scored six runs in the series , two off rays starters .
for the first time in an uninterrupted season , 2006 produced no 20-game winners .
but he says that 's that just the image put forward by certain artists .
associated press writer jae-soon chang contributed to this report from seoul , south korea .
martin biron turned aside 24 shots as the rangers registered their third straight win .
the strike happened in dhusomareb , a town in central somalia , he said .
we are changing and changing fast - learning the great lessons you taught us .
lynne sounds like the perfect candidate for a compact people carrier or a van .
his eye was drawn to the rocks , arranged as if in a quarry .
manichaean thinkers like bush see security as a matter of either isolation or dominance .
i used them on occasion throughout the nineties , including during the 1998 season .
that would make him the second-largest shareholder after deripaska , who holds 54 % .
" mr capello is a very , very strong and well educated football person .
he 's pretty much bowled himself into the dirt for them for a decade .
hussein comes from a prominent family in fallujah and was one of 14 children .
jeff bennett ( 3-6 ) got the win by pitching two-thirds of an inning .
the provisional ruling comes as the justice department is still investigating the proposed merger .
britain 's ftse 100 came off its lows but still finished down 1.17 percent .
the 40 minute treatment is minimally invasive and does not involve a permanent implant .
two minutes after the re-start , liverpool 's work was as good as done .
" the police in fact saved the life of aurangajeb by reaching the spot .
her hair is fluffy , as if she really has come from the gym .
morales then homered off yankees starter joba chamberlain to tie the game at 5 .
he flew to schipol airport in amsterdam and transferred to the flight to detroit .
but the companies are offering to pay only for prescription drugs , not generics .
india challenges needs : the need for sleep , for comfort , for meat .
it was bound for addis ababa with 83 passengers and seven crew on board .
it may be worth waiting to see if your lender does reduce its svr .
it was a distinction we were not sure would sit well with many voters .
it damaged two small structures and was threatening more than 1,000 homes and buildings .
the gains in london were mirrored in europe , where markets also slumped yesterday .
the current retirement age for men is 65 and 60 for women in poland .
the environment agency had three flood watches for the sussex area on monday morning .
cook also had an inspiring comeback , successfully returning to the mound in 2005 .
ten other cases have been confirmed in southern california close to mexico 's border .
footage broadcast on state television shows the supreme leader and the president standing up .
don 't like that idea , or scared of the island residents ' opposition ?
the discounter , known for stylish towels and jeans , has long sold groceries .
representatives for timbaland and 50 cent did not respond to requests for comment yesterday .
canine researcher ranks 110 dog breeds on the basis of the animals ' intelligence .
the company raised fees for services like dropping off garbage bins at construction sites .
for more information and contact css at 716 / 541-0273 or rachelwozniak @ csshealth.com.
the first president bush was criticized for being out of touch with ordinary americans .
franz ferdinand give a passionate performance and the cure prove they still have style .
the unamortized net premium as of march 31 , 2009 was $ 57.8 million .
but other times , she gave direct answers that appealed directly to her audience .
soyabean , meanwhile , gained further , hitting the highest level since last september .
did you eat slices from all those places in the course of your reporting ?
the new mood is micro and , yes , just a little bit selfish .
" at least i got to speak to their mums , " he added .
sunday night the actors took to the stage and the orchestra to the pit .
koobface spreads by sending notes to friends of someone whose pc has been infected .
the story is untrue but the fact that it exists at all is important .
do this : oversee all activities of public or private elementary or secondary schools .
the tickets are printed sunday and you have until friday to get them distributed .
i kept hoping it would turn out to have been his first pattern case .
with each year that passes , moscow 's streets become increasingly clogged with traffic .
one correspondent tells the military he was shouted at by aliens while sleeping outdoors .
now at age 41 , bugg is definitely feeling the pain from his game .
" he got on the next bus and boom ! " her daughter recalls .
the trouble is the palestinians did not run far enough away to suit israel .
and those who vote by absentee ballot do not have to provide photo identification .
but no sonner had massa called it a day then raikkonen lowered it again .
the couple , who now live in alaska , have not set a date .
up to 10,000 demonstrators , mostly students , massed for a second straight day .
you can find , if you look really hard , the occasional half-decent bratwurst .
he did not , however , become the face or voice of the team .
they say more work is needed to improve the life chances of poor children .
listen to the guardian 's steven morris as he goes out with the gritters .
a feature of the festival includes the substantial international film selections in the program .
craig hansen pitched a scoreless 10th to pick up his first save for boston .
but androgenetic alopecia , or aga , is just one piece of the puzzle .
tivo has 3.3 million subscribers , of which 1.6 million own standalone tivo dvrs .
hawkins once worked for the montgomery school system and applauds its many information-gathering improvements .
nobody with any sense has respected the nobel " peace " prize for decades .
the bears were removed by the u.s. postal service in a 1964 remodeling project .
the independent inspectors ' report looks at regional development over the next 20 years .
we have life conversations about bettering ourselves , and we 've become good friends .
harry keeps saying he believes in me , and that makes a big difference .
officials said they feared the death toll would rise as workers reached outlying areas .
a los angeles utility reported power outages to nearly 4,800 customers with high demand .
northamptonshire police said cctv cameras was used to help locate the men and boy .
when they have filled the hole completely the adult bee moves on to another .
a group of dissenting bondholders is designated to make their arguments at 9 a.m.
it happened with olmert ... that doesn 't show real intention for making peace .
the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index lost 47.69 , or 1.99 percent , to 2346.90 .
the dangers of lawlessness have placed some areas out of bounds for aid workers .
always they said it was justified because of what " they " had done .
tell us under the final plan proposed by the democrats how will that change .
a sign , he says , of his determination to defend the free press .
cnn 's breaking-news feed had about 12,000 more twitter fans , with some 968,000 .
over the next three decades , those policies helped create almost 1.5 million jobs .
once christmas passed , the guns returned as if they had never been stilled .
head coach mike bauler was recognized as " head supervisor " of the tournament .
ward will find out officially today belichick got a nudge , not a pop .
there 's plenty of evidence american consumers are trying to buy american made toys .
however the price should slowly descend as the warm weather buoys the spring harvest .
in a sense , they represent the long-missing final reel of his remarkable career .
the 65 year-old heiress claims that she stands to lose everything in the future .
under a set of proposed rules , such releases would no longer be allowed .
no , that 's not your spouse ( or even your accountant ) talking .
every kind of ursine behaviour was there to see -- including the less picturesque .
those consequences are now clear : nearly 2.5 million homeowners could lose their homes .
" g 'day sharon , ok if i hide out here for a bit ?
that , analysts say , would leave mrs. merkel 's conservative bloc considerably weaker .
poor people , particularly those living on the streets , are the worst hit .
the feature would make sense only if the warhead was nuclear , heinonen suggested .
for example , second-graders will be expected to add and subtract triple digit numbers .
he said his comedy has an inherent silliness that a younger audience may appreciate .
a little bit of a bounce in the australian dollar after that , too .
a 36-year-old man was due to appear in court on friday charged with arson .
the idea that a bank would recommend its rivals ' mortgages may seem ridiculous .
instead , they should be given medical care and counseling , the agency said .
the fdic said loans on commercial real estate represent a major threat to banks .
such are the daily rituals at this school , which are about to end .
" you can use them to research your school projects , " moore said .
they went to primary school together in newcastle , where they were both born .
so far , the nuggets seem willing to comply with the no excuses decree .
it 's something that i 'd love to have that i can 't have .
" staying in the division gives everybody a massive lift , " quinn added .
despite these advanced tools , many yacht owners are preparing themselves for the worst .
montreal has yet to trail after the first period through 14 games this season .
edward feeney would rather have been at the beach on a recent sunday morning .
police released the images of six suspects who may have planted the recent bombs .
governor tim pawlenty of minnesota sunday said democrats were descending into " hysteria . "
" well , it 's not what neil labute wrote , " harrumphed webb .
waxing lyrically on stage and a dedicated song ... sorry that 's hardly devastation .
all the powers except china sent top-level foreign ministry officials to saturday 's meeting .
and yes , that is tim jonze 's phone ringing right at the end .
the first thing i did was check it , trying to find the problem .
" the way i see it is that it 's too late for me .
bank of america , citigroup and general electric led all companies in trading volume .
only a cyclone can pose problems , " range safety officer v. krishnamurthy said .
the lakers led 61-51 at halftime thanks mainly to a 56.8 percent shooting performance .
just as nostradamus predicted , dress shirt mania has spread mightily in this millennium .
collectively , the kennedys have made an extraordinary contribution to public life in america .
if people want to remain free they must vote these people out of office .
" i think that first we 're going to err on the high side .
another weak pick , by a weak administration , by and for weak thinkers .
" the tv is still sitting in the box , " mr. kisch said .
and hippie prints are definitely aging . . . especially on the woodstock generation .
troy aikman took a little time saturday morning to walk around the ucla campus .
nelson indicated thursday he still was not happy but would keep talking with reid .
the liberal democrats have called mr brown 's silence " absurd and damaging . "
detroit rw tomas holstrom missed his sixth consecutive because of a back injury . ...
adjusted net income for the quarter increased by $ 142 million or 15 % .
why is it that only their opinion is protected and above reproach or criticism .
similarly , cold foods like shrimp cocktail will go bad if allowed to warm .
in turn , the rent-back industry points the finger at the sub-prime lending sector .
theatrically " faust " is unabashedly old-fashioned , with just a few postmodern accents .
in singapore , gates will join over the weekend in the seventh shangri-la dialogue .
he leads us to an underground classroom where we sit cross-legged in the gloom .
sacred kingdom will be a fine addition to the field , " smith said .
compiling the lists combines self-analysis with the lack of inhibition encouraged by the web .
the commonwealth war graves commission says earnshaw was 14 years and 152 days old .
" her quiet , decisive manner was reassuringly welcomed by all who knew her .
questions also arise over the unusually large chinese red star painted on the tail .
solicitor rosemary scott , defending , said patterson had never been in trouble before .
the behavioural characteristics of the panic are the obverse of those of the boom .
when they dig deep once again , the diamond market will sparkle once more .
it took 19 years for the new terminal to move from concept to reality .
xavier 's season low was 55 in a loss at arizona state on dec .
they also believe there could be a public backlash even if congress approves legislation .
for others , it means winning all you can to improve your playoff position .
califano commented later that haig proved even more of a workaholic than he was .
for a complete list of products and services , please visit our website www.cendyn.com.
winner scott kazmir ( 2-1 ) gave up three hits in six scoreless innings .
the attempted robbery took place on the bridge between canal road and elmbank terrace .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.14 gmt on tuesday 23 march 2010 .
to add insult to injury , the park hotel was a toxic waste dump .
it 's an old debater 's trick , and he was the master debater .
students feedback their thoughts on what makes a good / bad headline and why .
mr hoyland and four of his friends travelled to nusa lembongan on sea scooters .
elk-hunting generates revenue , and wolves cannot pay for the elk they take .
the winners will be announced at the 63rd annual dga awards dinner on jan .
the policy requires gays to keep quiet about their sexual orientation or face expulsion .
it came with the bases loaded and one out , with damion easley batting .
in contrast , fannie and freddie don 't look like a ticking time bomb .
police said that 32 people were arrested and one officer was admitted to hospital .
the cavs kept atlanta scoreless during the first 8 minutes of the fourth quarter .
in 1988 he was appointed chevalier of the french order of arts and letters .
also , two former state computer technicians pleaded guilty to systematically destroying fumo e-mails .
this time , however , woods looks like just another player in the field .
" now people can 't park down there and shop , " he said .
that means they 're a concern to congress and the presidential contenders , too .
ms. treat said that publicity about wal-mart 's plan had raised awareness of generics .
elections officials say their spreadsheets are not set up to calculate the delegates automatically .
further , opponents said it could cut into revenue for local distributors and retailers .
strong winds , rain , high seas and blocked roads were hampering rescue efforts .
the mainstream media ruthlessly and endlessly repeat any mccain gaffes while ignoring obama gaffes .
jimmy carter was the last democrat to win the presidential vote in north carolina .
this crisis enables him to be ruthless , wins him admirers and silences doubters .
notes : lowell strained his right hip beating out his single in the 10th .
modern safety devices such as anti-lock brakes and traction control don 't trump physics .
the cotton-o 'neil clinic in topeka , had planned a walk-in clinic next week .
a law enforcement source said investigators are still sorting through evidence and conducting interviews .
zorn is among only eight players inducted into the seahawks ' ring of honor .
the students called for a public condemnation of recent israeli attacks in the region .
unitas was set up in 1999 and has $ 4bn in capital under management .
microsoft 's business division brought in $ 4.8 billion in the most recent quarter .
the researchers suspect that other local populations of bats may also have become day-hunters .
if you dont know what the history of tibet is please do more research .
i think he understood the situation in terms of what we needed from him .
the bill 's total cost could reach $ 150 billion , these officials said .
careful probing uncovered a fresco of more than four square metres , he added .
my vet has only ever known two in his career , " he said .
" how often can you sit on the presidential seat , " he said .
approval by shareholders would end the birmingham-based firm 's near two centuries of independence .
raigmore hospital in inverness , meanwhile , has seen a significant drop in cases .
wow , this is once again proof that hillary is for the special interest .
the vast majority of the children taken were younger than 6 or were boys .
at one end stood the cathedral , with triple columns climbing the wedding-cake exterior .
sims ' first single , " driving blind , " is about missing someone .
those procedures were rewritten but never finalized , and they ultimately expired in 2005 .
sixteen-month-old gabriella filarowski had been on the waiting list for a transplant since october .
nothing any coach or player or gm does is going to make any difference .
but diplomats and other observers say the army is facing more resistance than expected .
the december slide started with a 14-10 loss to the miami dolphins on dec .
but he also has been adamant about preparing the company for an economic downturn .
the current screen prototype is several square inches across but only one micron thick .
compared with a year ago , prices in october were down nationally 7.3 percent .
he wrote so well and so lovingly about his family in his first book .
a thousand years ago , king robert the pious preserved it for the chase .
a similar operation was conducted at a nearby fossil quarry about 12 years ago .
contrast that with the hate , frustration and defeatism inherent in your own post .
wow , that sounds like a fox-museem push poll ; likely voters ; hummmm ?
at the time , it was the biggest tax fraud case in american history .
that is a pretty big load for any vehicle , no matter how spiffy .
buick and toyota motor corp. ' s lexus brand tied for third at 115 .
frank field would unquestionably make a decent , competent , and highly respected speaker .
his niece donna marie was found strangled in her bed on 29 october 1977 .
the two agencies have tussled in the past over who should oversee the market .
what , s wrong with portly old men doing disco in south east asia ?
i 've coached male and female basketball teams over a period of 25 years .
this will make you think twice before picking up the wrong gas nozzle though .
all of us were afraid , people came out of their houses to see .
16 , and said that the next round might not be possible until february .
as it is , saluté threatens to turn into a bar scene with snacks .
in terms of landmass , at 268,000 square miles it would be the 40th-biggest .
26 july : gp visit for head lice and blood in p 's ear .
monitor staff compliance with infection control measures in a & e including dress code .
a trial which took three years to get to court ended within three weeks .
even common seasonal influenza kills an estimated 250,000 to 500,000 people globally every year .
i have learned how to live by watching them die with grace and dignity .
williams got that championship ring in 2005 with players he inherited at north carolina .
it is expected that the pair will appear at edinburgh sheriff court on friday .
for complete education coverage , please bookmark http : / / washingtonpost.com / education .
" a vote like a comedy , " read a headline in sabah newspaper .
such a deal should lead to the full or part refund of the charges .
the campaign started at the beginning of the month and ends on monday night .
they started in the business by renting out their idle servers during non-holiday-shopping seasons .
the sharks came to the rafts again to rub their backs on the undersides .
i 'm very happy to be able to give children back to their parents ?
the same principles could be used to hide field guns and vehicles from aircraft .
" five came back " is a who-will-survive-a-plane-crash-in-the-jungle tale tautly directed by john farrow .
some of them even credit the beautiful game as having turned their lives around .
sec refs will continue to butcher games ( just kidding , sort of ) .
the leak of the information has also sparked a new row over climate change .
ms. roberts is such a charismatic figure that she might have overwhelmed this movie .
and neither the first lady nor the president had dogs when they were young .
there has been a shift in the role of these meetings-with-food over the years .
his rivals , including romney , are betting that voters won 't have patience .
he lashed out at critics , telling them to " get a life . "
but a low-rate loan would ease a cash shortfall if the credit problems persist .
eggs of different species differ from one another in a number of important respects .
gandhi 's personal effects are of huge historic and symbolic value , experts said .
the ambulance service called on people to only dial 999 in a genuine emergency .
but we may never know for sure because it 's all in private trusts .
the bush administration continued it with funding from other parts of the transportation budget .
yes , the tide ( 11-0 ) did make it seem just that easy .
excerpted from irreligion by john allen paulos copyright © 2007 by john allen paulos .
that raised the possibility of something happening to jade before she became sexually active .
labor groups say that congress should address workplace issues before revamping the patent system .
the survey questioned 1,069 parents of children aged seven to 14 years in november .
hamilton , like woods , is doing his bit to drive the message home .
broadleaf species that are at most risk include beech , sycamore and horse chestnut .
13 agreement , " yang said , referring to last year 's disarmament-for-aid deal .
its existence is owed entirely to the fact that it has mastered geopolitical blackmail .
can pills really help us lose weight ? 6 is federer losing his grip ?
here 's my favorite guac recipe ... it 's topped with fire roasted salsa .
we won every battle that was ever fought in vietnam yet lost the war .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 21.51 gmt on thursday 18 march 2010 .
the diagramed deal from the first quarter was the largest gain for the winners .
the conservatives are pushing for a full public inquiry into the war in iraq .
i support gay people 100 % i 'm gonna be 15 next monday .
i was recently asked by a work colleague what a yes vote would entail .
if palin enters the presidential race , i will be out campaigning against her !
since opening bids have gotten lighter , many players would start with one heart .
securing a job means you can stop sending out résumés and waiting for responses .
both men are due to appear before king 's lynn magistrates on 9 june .
gm asked for four billion dollars this month and another 14 billion next year .
he couldn 't prevent oakland ( 2-8 ) from losing its sixth straight game .
a man charged with murdering a lincolnshire woman has appeared before magistrates in boston .
standard chartered operates in more than 50 countries , with a lot of overlap .
critics argue that delanoë has promoted razzle-dazzle events above the humdrum needs of parisians .
+ rehearsals of ' birdie ' under way in n.y. las vegas , aug .
i am disgusted that they still make you swear on a bible in court .
few outside florida will debate gruden 's approach against the panthers ( 6-9 ) .
england are not the only country to have encountered problems over their training base .
stir together and heat until the butter is melted and the mixture is blended .
the pakistani government has hinted it may arrest or deport sharif when he arrives .
nearly 2,000 people are employed in the refinery , many from the local community .
two of the band 's songs feature in a top 10 of misunderstood tracks .
professor fish rightly notes the role that athletic teams play in funding public universities .
the geographical expansions have helped the arc politically by increasing its clout in washington .
the city of manchester stadium is to host about 47,000 fans for the final .
front-runner mauricio funes , a moderate in the fmln , faces dissent from hard-liners .
the song was originally written to appear on u2 's 1987 masterpiece joshua tree .
but five days into the offensive , the militants are claiming their own successes .
put simply , it 's hard to believe a word of " honeydripper . "
the verdict of the court of public opinion is too harsh on many mps .
there was no immediate comment from elliott on novell 's rejection of its offer .
the early favourite to replace sir menzies is nick clegg , the home-affairs spokesman .
ms rosenfeld 's $ 26.3m in 2009 compensation compared with $ 18.7m in 2008 .
she was anxiously awaiting word on her father , who was on the bus .
oh , but the food -- let me tell you it includes knorr cup-a-soup .
the stuff that 's being said , it 's ridiculous , " he said .
the british pound was quoted at $ 1.5380 , down from $ $ 1.5872 .
that isn 't how it feels when you enter turkey from the middle east .
" we are analyzing the overall program , " barr wrote in an e-mail .
by january , there will be 130,000 defense civilian employees covered by the nsps .
in chicago , ridership on metro commuter trains is the highest in 24 years .
there was never anybody like him that i ever knew , " she said .
mrs lear said it was far cry from how the house used to be .
the total pledged was $ 5.28 billion , according to pakistan 's foreign minister .
associated press writers megan barr and philip elliott in columbus contributed to this report .
he and cornerback deangelo hall got into the only real scuffle of training camp .
but two contestants with perhaps the greatest reason for hostilities have become fast friends .
the race has a front-runner in martha coakley , state attorney general since 2006 .
lee ( 7-2 ) won his second straight start after dropping his previous two .
his frugal tastes may have blinded him to the mortal danger of recession sleaze .
well , curry has grown four inches to 6-foot-3 since he signed with davidson .
don 't forget the kids ; there 's plenty for them downtown , too .
the family , however , prefers that the site remains undisturbed , she said .
but others fear that the government now feels free to do as it wants .
marseille do not know if it has sent yet , but i hope so .
thought you were a troll--now it is confirmed and you need validation ?
in 1798 thomas malthus wrote " an essay on the principle of population . "
ohio state lost its third straight , and has now lost five of seven .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.45 gmt on thursday 14 january 2010 .
time to watch , rather than eat , spring lambs bouncing around green fields .
the spokeswoman added that no official reason had yet been given for the walkout .
you can also follow the ashes live on your mobile , free of charge .
maybe people should start looking at that in relation to birth rates as well .
but south waziristan is an arid zone , with no forest and little water .
the perverted bbc to screen well what was he ! ! ! ! ! !
( 18 ) texas a & m at missouri , 1 : 30 p.m.
krispy kreme , 295 ponce de leon avenue ne ; ( 404 ) 876-7307 .
brown 's fans on the social networking site facebook also made their feelings known .
it believed recent profit taking may be a " pragmatic overweight buying opportunity . "
the 2009 subaru forester continues its record-breaking streak with its best monthly sales ever .
( washingtonpost.com ) this story was written by washington post staff writer scott wilson .
which is why mccain 's much cleaner answer may come back to haunt him .
pope benedict prayed for the victims and said he would visit the area soon .
i don 't believe she has any realization of her personal actions causing anything .
" we were very hopeful we could have a future , " she stressed .
certainly the industry is falling over itself to try and prove its green credentials .
not just in terms of orientation but in inclination , fetishism and whatever else .
hance told her to pull over and said he would go to get her .
then there 's mediate , the 45-year-old everyman who has suddenly revitalized his career .
those who do make the journey will find british intrigue has turned to pity .
that machine tells you your genetic makeup and lets you view your results online .
romance , animation and action montage - i 've seen better clips on youtube .
she has earned a reputation as a pragmatic straight talker who disdains backroom politics .
quite why this length inspires such constancy may prove fruitful ground for future psychologists .
he was a keen landscape gardener and took an interest in his family history .
their power play is next-to-last in the league in scoring efficiency on the road .
a friend quitting decreased the chance of smoking by 36 % among their friends .
bloggers are not and they do not deserve news coverage beyond a passing mention .
bless you for hanging in there with ben and not giving up on him .
yesterday , the court heard transcripts of interviews conducted by police with anne darwin .
once he 's recovered , he and his mother will return home to baghdad .
young received 4.6m votes out of a total of 8.7m cast by programme viewers .
as thomas himself noted , marbury has often played in pain during his career .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 16.56 gmt on tuesday 16 march 2010 .
but if that advice is not followed the tablets can be a suitable option .
afghan troops guarding a district center were ambushed and then called for isaf help .
the 49ers placed the 32-year-old ulbrich on injured reserve monday , ending his season .
" it 's normal to procrastinate , everybody does it , " she notes .
the redlands police union has agreed to accept furloughs amid a citywide budget shortfall .
fish consumption during pregnancy is critically important for healthy development of the fetal brain .
" it is extremely subtle stuff , " mr rabinowitz said at one point .
( conceiving a child the old-fashioned way doesn 't guarantee a tissue match . )
the santa barbara barracks is near the famous san siro football stadium in milan .
they poured rifle fire and grenades into the building where he was being held .
she has been the focus of an investigation at the clinic since last year .
they have had a good run recently , so this isn 't that surprising .
under the proposal , centennial shareholders will get $ 8.50 per share in cash .
the names of the men whose bodies are being returned have not been released .
a 10-strong police forensic team remains at the scene continuing with a detailed investigation .
and a wonderful essay in its own right -- lucid , fun and profound .
some say , jokingly , that facebook will ultimately turn the internet inside out .
what perplexes the president 's critics is that the process has been so public .
there is something to be said about the " collective " as it were .
greece , spain , france , ireland and britain were given warnings in april .
stars , dresses , shiny awards and stream-of-consciousness observations -- it should be interesting !
its repeal was a key contributor to the calamities now gripping the banking system .
since september a new book hewing closer to the old style has replaced it .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 18.23 gmt on thursday 11 march 2010 .
an official from the station confirmed monday it went off the air last week .
we can improve driver training and the driving test but we must be realistic .
" the result , not surprisingly , is higher prices , " spelter said .
needless to say , this number represents the cost only to the united states .
there 's also a small selection of reserve and special wines at higher prices .
the company 's stock briefly fell to a new 52-week low in early trading .
that leaves many standing by for work , though there are relatively few nurses .
certainly sergeant spoke to the nation as though he 'd done that and more .
mr straw denied that the atmosphere in the labour party was " febrile . "
but the happy couple just sat there , letting it all wash over them .
tory strategists will hope to have achieved a boost from its manifesto launch today .
he had a strong message for the us government about any thoughts of engagement .
flw outdoors provides boats and drivers for each competing team along with travel allowances .
strained commercial paper markets are seen as a major destabilizing force in financial markets .
in a blog after the attacks , mr al-awlaki called major hasan a hero .
instead , his wife , susan , teased him with packages of related goodies .
" i have felt a bit for tait , " johnson said last month .
throwing the men over his shoulders he ran through the killing zone to safety .
unfortunately this is a massive gamble and relies on a monumental ' if ' .
supt douglas robertson has appealed for anyone with information to contact cumnock police office .
now , mr. bazi stalks the lobbies of hotels , trying to find clients .
bin laden has issued four public statements so far this year -- on sept .
it would have been better for them had they just said we are jerks .
but it 's something that i think the iraqis understand they need to do .
the british government eventually refused to extradite him to spain , citing health reasons .
this amounted to a virtual endorsement of her candidacy for the post of president .
menopausal women in nigeria experienced fewer hot flashes when they had sex more frequently .
the economy is already struggling owing to large borrowing by its three major banks .
" there are also things they want from us , " the official noted .
winning that , again , would just rub catalan salt in madrid 's wound .
mr johnson says that gifts worth more than $ 500 have to be declared .
joe saunders won 17 games last season , and he can do that again .
his happens to be a white world ; mine is a more unified world .
it 's hard to draw definitive conclusions from this about the efficacy of prayer .
to both sides , it looks like epa hasn 't made up its mind .
in that time , he 's lost his mother , father and two children .
the los angeles lakers are one victory from returning to the n.b.a. finals .
two members of congress monday denounced any possibility of moving the guantanamo detainees north .
the updated level five alert signifies sustained human-to-human spread in at least two countries .
tokyo time , when he tripled in a run in boston 's two-run ninth .
of the 29 adults sentenced by the same date , eight received jail terms .
the national fisheries institute also gave the coalition $ 60,000 for its education campaign .
nonetheless , the first big partisan row of the new administration has already begun .
photographer daniela eberl took this snap at las olas beach in maldonado , uruguay .
xstrata will now make a profit of at least $ 225m from its shareholder .
however , leonard 's three-foot birdie putt lipped out and the match was halved .
he never thought of going to the nearest hospital , which is in murewa .
wall street was poised to open higher after a strong end to last week .
grubbs is the second woman to be romantically linked to woods in news reports .
i do not think government should be smaller for the sake of being smaller .
i reckon * * united will go behind and win 2-1 * * * .
the boost in stimulus spending has created new government jobs at the federal level .
but a taliban spokesman quoted by reuters said the four might be released soon .
but for simon and many others , it all proved to be a facade .
hughes has been uconn 's assistant head coach for defense the last six seasons .
do any of these hopefuls have what it takes to make the top 12 ?
there was at least another primary care trust which refused to employ dr ubani .
their performances for whiley were featured on the compilation cds called the live lounge .
however this fund does have slightly more ammunition in that it can also short .
which may be his point , but that 's not the material 's appeal .
but kaine said obama also favors legal protections for gay couples in committed relationships .
overweight women should gain 15 to 25 pounds ( 6.8 to 11 kg ) .
some people from the club came to speak to me and answer my questions .
thanks mr. ben bernanke ? you ? re a world class genius no doubt !
the agency says that the plan would save £ 34 million over several decades .
he was " mad about farming " and his grandmother bought him toy tractors .
additionally , pakistan still enrols only 80 girls for every 100 boys in schools .
" part of this war is predicated on how we end it as well .
ford 's automotive operations burned through $ 3.7 billion in cash during the quarter .
" ms. peagler conspired with two hard-core gang members to kill her estranged boyfriend .
" japan does need to take very seriously the issue of climate change vulnerability .
now that i think about it , it puts some new meaning into robocop ...
mr hoerl has been president of nuremberg 's academy of fine arts since 2005 .
but we meet against the background of the greatest global financial crisis for generations .
fans often forget that he batted .421 in the 2004 a.l. divisional series .
but john talked very frankly about what it takes to work for the sis .
of this number , 112 were ended because of the contractors ' poor performance .
people 's incomes aren 't rising at the same rate , " he said .
1001 inventions. commercial director required .. £ 45,000 to £ 65,000 plus benefits .
" i 'm not concerned about what curt schilling says , " she added .
there was never much realistic hope that she would be released before the election .
brown is on injured reserve , leaving the woeful dolphins short on running backs .
diplomats are using the current pause in hostilities to try to resolve the situation .
waterstone 's new business lines are off to a fast start and growing rapidly .
iran put pressure on india to confirm or deny its role in the project .
the point is , my boyfriend wasn 't a smoker when we started dating .
sidor--whose formal name is siderurgica del orinoco--was privatized in 1998 .
the figures include secondary fires , such as rubbish and vegetation but exclude vehicles .
the hostage was released a few hours later unharmed , according to local officials .
ausiello : i 'm told the higher-ups never embraced the whole ' 80s conceit .
five years ago , mr. pieth said , about 100 cases were under investigation .
the five-hour procedure , removed a growth of the parotid ( salivary ) gland .
the group broke up in 1996 but reformed 10 years later without robbie williams .
mr ozawa , 67 , submitted himself voluntarily for questioning at a tokyo hotel .
villa would be without gareth barry now if liverpool could get their act together .
on average , sale prices were 50 % -52 % less than full price .
but pittsburgh adjusted its defense , leaving the onus on louisville 's outside shooters .
all are american citizens and live with her late husband 's family in brooklyn .
he calculated the coup was neither in his interests nor those of his party .
i 've paid the price , " rodriguez said before new york played baltimore .
the findings are published in the march issue of the american journal of pathology .
moon ( 97 minutes , at area theaters ) is rated r for language .
it has recalculated the figures and will present them at a conference on monday .
6 , and will include a two-day tour of tokyo disneyland and tokyo disneysea .
have fun kt , your fan club will be cheering for you from home .
it was planted on a north-facing slope so manmade snow wouldn 't melt quickly .
( cbs ) the newest unlikely internet sensation is a pair of barnyard owls .
some herbs are organic and many blends are salt and / or sugar free .
funds from the dallas foundation will expand support for military and families in texas .
at least one supporter of of the ousted leader has been killed in clashes .
its central character got his own series and made telly savalas a major star .
prime minister fouad siniora has asked the united nations to help investigate ghanemʼs slaying .
raising goldfish , he wrote , had been criticized as a petit bourgeois practice .
if the war on drugs makes money , the government wages war on us .
giving additional help beyond resolving the initial query costs £ 30 per half hour .
he wound up with 12 catches in 2008 for 289 yards and three touchdowns .
as a private company , cargill does not give a breakdown of its earnings .
it seems like a simple moral decision : help the survivors of the cyclone .
it never completely happens , and so the balance of the monologue feels shaky .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond rose 2 / 32 to yield 3.59 percent .
accordingly , there is no certainty that the company 's plans will be achieved .
at its height , more than 450,000 were crammed into the walled warsaw ghetto .
the bank has already closed some 70 branches and 200-300 atms since the merger .
and it 's by that introducing of something new that change begins to happen .
that would create more space on congested roads and lead to more reliable deliveries .
prepare the fennel : bring a large pot of salted water to a boil .
in late august , mcmahon found a buyer for the home and avoided foreclosure .
naeemi had unequivocally supported the government offensive and was an outspoken critic of mehsud .
the bryans had two break points in the next game but could not convert .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 22.12 gmt on wednesday 25 november 2009 .
the probe will turn into a weather station once its digging job is finished .
that was a nickel ahead of the estimate of analysts surveyed by thomson financial .
it will involve puppets ( made by handspring -- of war horse fame ) .
philadelphia 's donovan mcnabb passed for 230 yards , one touchdown and one interception .
" great britain " and " england " seemed to be almost interchangeable terms .
the ferrari driver managed a best lap of 1 : 29.416 in warm conditions .
compton , a city of about 93,000 south of watts , is hardly unique .
if you weren 't bitter before eating bitter melon , you will be after .
the lawyer has said karadzic is in good spirits and preparing for his defence .
growth in australia contracted during the financial crisis , but the economy escaped recession .
they should 've sent a limo to whisk him back and forth to rehab .
halak earned his third nhl shutout in his first home start of the season .
he hurriedly bought the painting for his swiss friend and then started researching it .
julie chaffetz with kids , from left , ellis , kate , and max .
jones-suydan said she was told initially that her son had been struck four times .
the first new winnie-the-pooh book in more than 80 years has hit the shops .
in making his assertion , simmons noted he is supportive of the gay community .
" they would complain that he was muslim and they were coming from iraq .
january is the best and worst of times for anyone in the fitness industry .
her only comment on the exhibition was that one of the objects was hers .
reliever randy messenger stranded him there by retiring jeff baisley to end the inning .
i would also consider using it to fix crumbling infrastructure such as state roads .
auto dealerships and related businesses such as parts companies are also feeling the strain .
you mentioned in an interview that the density of last season tuckered you out .
the attacks come at a time of an increased insurgent activity throughout the country .
after the rescue , president obama said the battle against pirates would not end .
each of the three candidates running for mayor says he will revitalize the city .
mr. shyamalan 's words consistently fail him , as they have in the past .
from there , it 's about an hour by car to the city center .
this is not the first time finley was linked to a friend 's death .
pressured by abundant harvests , prices of grain , fruit and vegetables have tumbled .
basil arrived in a garden in henderson road , gateshead , six months ago .
the series shows a wealth of stories gleaned from just one week of filming .
authorities said a fire was being controlled and would not hurt exports or refineries .
peterson and biologist john vucetich found two dead wolves this winter with misshapen vertebrae .
besides , this is a good time to get out of the bimbo business .
check whether they appear on the leasehold advisory service list of surveyors at www.lease-advice.org .
they said he may need to make multiple staff changes to retain his position .
thirteen of the 21 players on the preliminary roster have previous experience in qualifying .
similarly , the sivs and conduits were not wholly independent of the banking system .
or are theyt supposed to be rubber stamps like everything else in this country ?
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.00 gmt on sunday 14 february 2010 .
that is partly down to a run of just four wins in 17 matches .
an estimated quarter of a million schoolchildren in the u.s. are out of school .
mr livingstone , a response officer in ipswich , joined the force at 18 .
especially because we 're not the ones out there getting our brains bashed in .
with obama as president , republican satisfaction is at 10 percent , gallup said .
the bank had loaned a developer about $ 15.5 million between 1989 and 1992 .
holloway was last seen leaving a nightclub with van der sloot and the kalpoes .
members of the hutu group were allegedly involved in the 1994 genocide in rwanda .
wheat futures rose slightly with the winter wheat harvest more than 50 percent completed .
cleveland built a 28-point lead midway through the second quarter and coasted to victory .
the loss makes houston 's chances of earning its first playoff berth more dim .
mr salehi is not the point man on negotiations ; his job is technical .
you told the nashua , n.h. , paper it made a lot of sense .
but tuesday , " it went seamlessly , " said county sheriff bill brown .
" the october drop could be nothing more than noise , " he said .
the suspects ' last names were not released in line with austrian privacy laws .
he also stabbed another prison visitor who tried to intervene ; both victims survived .
do you think my migrane would go away if she withdrew from the campaign ?
but foreign office advice is not to travel to most of iraq at all .
the man said he administered cpr to one of the officers until police arrived .
paravant was a subcontractor to the main pentagon contractor , raytheon technical services co .
in that case , dr. taylor hopes such therapy would be needed only temporarily .
nepean was suspended from medical practice when he failed a urine test in 2004 .
and i said , " well , i haven 't actually done it before .
it 's a teensy bit like a well-funded talent show at creaky summer camp .
" i try to come here every year because it is a fantastic event .
zambrano gave up two hits and a season-high five walks in 6 2-3 innings .
the legacy of french colonial rule is still a bitter issue for many haitians .
nor was there much chemistry between her and her des grieux , marcello giordani .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.01 bst on wednesday 31 march 2010 .
telephone and e-mail messages also were left for the company 's public relations firm .
as a result , petr prucha played for only the second time since feb .
there is a new math and writing center where students drop in for tutoring .
chelsea , arsenal and united all went into round two in a disadvantageous position .
sunday , said wayne shelor , spokesman for the clearwater , florida , police .
now raise your body up off the ball so that your spine is straight .
citi , for example , limited its enhancements to customers with good track records .
guantanamo holds secrets ; how many and of what kind we can only guess .
grampian police said they want to hear from the driver or anyone with information .
nfl commissioner roger goodell is part of a group that ascends the 14,411-foot peak .
williams was the rouse ball professor of english law at cambridge from from 1983-92 .
harrow magistrates ' court had heard the ordeal began over a fence boundary dispute .
sturdivant suffered multiple ligament injuries to his left knee in a scrimmage on monday .
the centre-back is the first bolton player to be called up in seven years .
all of this brings us to buzz , the new twitter wannabe from google .
he broke serve three times as monfils was guilty of too many unforced errors .
they hoped that the cosmopolitan atmosphere would prevent him from becoming even more extreme .
of the 391 complaints , 70 involved under-insurance allegations , according to the department .
warner was 4-for-4 for 48 yards but couldn 't get arizona on the scoreboard .
st andrews road and st marks road have fine victorian houses from £ 650,000 .
america is the wealthiest country in the world and its rich keep earning more .
still , i 'd like to see that couple get locked up for life .
an earthquake measuring 3.6 on the richter scale rumbled across northern england last night .
finally , gordon brown seems to be doing his bit for tourism in fiji .
what appears to be true to one spy looks exactly the opposite to another .
they also point out that the fall in stockmarkets means more bargains are available .
but during the hourlong investigation , the discovery sent shock waves through the volunteers .
a huge amount of lipstick eventually gets digested from what falls into your stomach .
if there is greatness here , it is not only in a baseball dynasty .
the book was published by little , brown and company books for young readers .
she refuses to go to church , grows cannabis and is quick to fight .
test drive the new volkswagen scirocco , topgear.com 's car of the year 2008 .
richard phillips said he hoped the deal would be for at least 10 years .
i can understand why people from overseas may have stopped coming to the us .
so , judgments are being made regularly ; only barton refuses to acknowledge them .
to me , climbing a mountain seemed pointless at best , suicidal at worst .
the archaeologists at the site say their work has nothing to do with politics .
a modern octopus called adelieledone in antarctica seemed the closest relative of the original .
we continually attract forces and conditions , which are linked to our own thoughts .
now you 're ready to choose the merchants whose catalogs you don 't want .
after a new president takes office in 2009 , though , the picture changes .
the man was taken to whiston hospital intensive care unit in a serious condition .
an israel military exercise last month was seen as a strong warning for iran .
the count began under the poor light created from battery-powered lanterns in bamiyan province .
everyone should have noticed that over time society ? s attitude about things change .
" is it so important to have a turkish chancellor ? " he wonders .
some 4,000 people were evacuated from neighbouring villages , some in armoured personnel carriers .
those workers are required to pay monthly union dues that total millions of dollars .
the debates will be held between the leaders of the three main uk parties .
it says yes to sector-specific floors , but no to a statutory minimum wage .
but jitters about iran and its nuclear ambitions have shadowed her at every stop .
the monarchy was abolished with the establishment of the republic of czechoslovakia in 1918 .
i had to learn all these new skills and the stunt team was amazing .
there was also volatility in the treasury market ahead of several auctions this week .
although study indicated few users would have that reaction , the plug was pulled .
quarterback daryll clark ranks 11th in the nation in pass efficiency ( 168.3 ) .
the council 's policy and resources committee will consider the application on 7 january .
let me tell you a bit about myself and what i 'm looking for ...
this is not the first financial rewards program for commuters in the washington area .
and his role , while lasting only a matter of minutes , is pivotal .
so to hear that it may go over those levels is really quite frightening .
wu will be booked into jail on three counts of murder , police said .
according to the segment , why did haley freking choose to attend virginia tech ?
therefore , the changes we are seeing now are huge , " sivak said .
once it slows down , it 's hard to make it speed up again .
he has said his province will create its own police force and tax system .
both pledge a more conciliatory approach towards estranged turkish cypriots in the breakaway north .
and it is for such people that the luxury world has created limited editions .
the idea is to further broaden the net of health information beyond official sources .
engineer who pioneered the development of wind energy in britain from the 1970s onwards .
cheney in the past has complained about the media attention focused on his health .
asafa has run a lot these past few days , " doyle told afp .
rope bridges , goat head soup and avalanches were all part of the experience .
experts say older workers are going to need to work longer than they planned .
not even further signs of improvement in the interbank lending market could boost sentiment .
it could well take a break through the 50-second barrier to lift the title .
she 'll circle a hip or a shoulder , then plunge into full-body movement .
you must take control or get swept along by forces outside of your control .
" he was working right up until the last second , " he said .
you did not tell them you covered his mouth when you applied the ammonia .
i don 't think he can make phone calls , but he can communicate .
in total , the group has closed 152 stores across europe since may 2008 .
he said the local salvation army has thus far collected just over $ 160,000 .
they are the first living creatures to successfully return from a trip to space .
once the market turned , sadly its supporters also suffered losses of vexatious proportions .
there were no further incidents following the death of a slider in training friday .
a flock of some of his 13 sons and daughters rush in to help .
previous studies analysing abscission in plants have implicated several different genes and gene products .
i had nothing to do with it , " he was quoted as saying .
gm posted a deeper-than-expected quarterly loss as revenue plunged by more than a third .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.57 bst on wednesday 31 march 2010 .
but they could increase in other regions that rely on rivers filled by rain .
ms sackey died soon after the crash and mr brown died the following day .
but there were two westminster worlds yesterday -- in and out of the chamber .
janssen missed the entire 2008 season while rehabbing a torn labrum that required surgery .
the original kodachrome slides , carefully preserved , still provide images of tremendous clarity .
some 80 percent believed it provided an excuse for western interference in muslim countries .
and to think that giuliani raised nearly $ 60 million and went home early .
but opponents say the practise of stunning an animal before slaughter is more humane .
i am not sure this is right temperament for the white house life style .
the governor who came to dinner : did the gop snub palin ? 9 .
naturally , this is never discussed by asean , lest it upset either side .
this can only be done through a change in bankruptcy or other federal legislation .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.18 gmt on friday 18 december 2009 .
everyone , it seems , is trying to get somewhere at the same time .
and in doing so i got to take little educational breaks on company time .
20 , when he injured his groin during a clippers game against chicago . ...
the plight of rural communities has never been an obvious priority for this government .
a criminal complaint says nypd detectives first visited afzali at his home on sept .
asked if she recalled the conversation , brenda calcavecchia rolled her eyes and smiled .
indeed the vendors have negotiated a 500 % mark-up on what they paid wolves .
( " pearls of wisdom " ) an amount of approximately $ 18 million .
they ran to palma , mallorca , with big fat grins on their faces .
with its help you could ward off illness , accidents and other material harm .
eufor said an attempt to recover the vehicle had been met with hostile fire .
he noted sharp declines in visits to clothing , office supply and hardware stores .
and the hordes of android tablets that have just arrived should accentuate the effect .
the ina and allawi 's al-iraqia both charged thursday there had been vote fraud .
hamilton finished the brazilian grand prix in fifth place and won the championship overall .
mackintosh dr. , 263-richard c. miller to german and hillevi flores , $ 354,000 .
cherepanov , a first-round pick in 2007 , died after collapsing during an oct .
additionally , there were state specific timing issues in three of the five states .
" a criminal case for terrorism will be opened , " he told reporters .
the pop icon 's career has gone from moonwalk to perp walk and back .
when the harshest critics made their points , they did so to regular applause .
the uk 's first pensioners ' playground opened in manchester in the same year .
the incident occurred wednesday , about 75 miles south of yemen 's al-mukalla port .
" mrs bush gave mrs obama a tour of the second and third floor .
half austrian , she trained at the musikademie and musikhochschule , both in vienna .
undt announced it plans includes proposing to identifying bacterial biothreats through a non-immunological method .
the carrier card for these duck stamps had an incorrect phone number on it .
disapointed in katies approach to & quot ; one up someone & quot ; .
will ' west side story ' be slighted by the tony awards yet again ?
the rates do not include points , which are a form of prepaid interest .
the italians , too , are entangled in claims from their occupation of libya .
it is now known that there were 18 people on board and four staff .
new york - daryl thompson woke up early saturday , too excited to sleep .
seattle is playing even worse , but at least the m 's are trying .
he graduated , took a job in sales and delved deeper into drug use .
they frantically sent messages via facebook and e-mail to just about everyone they knew .
i just felt a bit sick inside to see him there to be honest .
all three will likely be called upon to detail the fannie and freddie proposals .
the first boat returned , without incident and to cheering crowds , on friday .
and is that " something " a cdma iphone running on verizon 's network ?
notes : milwaukee is 2-19 when its opponent shoots better than 50 percent . ...
should we really be startled that warner has put the cardinals in this position ?
likewise , africa 's failure has been , above all , one of leadership .
" negotiate time off for when you 're not needed , " she recommends .
opponents of a bailout argue that americans continued to fly through multiple airline bankruptcies .
the real hunger lies in oil-rich and third-world countries eager to modernize their armies .
they show us rashes they say are the result of contamination from the mine .
the federal reserve is widely considered to be the leading candidate for this assignment .
jung , the political expert , criticized the way politicians handled the permitting process .
and the last four numbers cycled around , also every 60 days or so .
bosco said she was hopeful there would be charges in the stacy peterson case .
what 's going to be the key to making the playoffs this time around ?
the emergency services are urging anyone with an open fire to use a fireguard .
29 at 6 : 30 p.m. , in a lecture related to " cheers !
they blew the game open with a 13-0 run to start the second half .
dundee united manager craig levein chats to bbc scotland 's chick young before kick-off .
the previous bar had frustrated his ambition to represent the diversity of world styles .
yakobashvili said georgian forces have shot down four russian combat planes over georgian territory .
" not many people are smiling down here right now , " he said .
this government is keen to recruit mature people into teaching by easing entry requirements .
obama : and i think we 're in one of those moments right now .
so far , about 1600 people have pledged to contribute funds to the project .
students form waterford kamhlada school in mbablane , swaziland have been answering the questions .
i held our position , and he [ the litigator ] eventually went away .
only in the foyer downstairs might you get a whiff that something was up .
comprehensive statistics are scarce , but recent cases paint a picture of the problem .
" the first question americans might ask is : has american really been defeated ?
he should have looked at bsg to find out how to re-invent a show ...
finally , there are those who have pushed the rules to their absolute limit .
collectively , the three locations treat more than half a million people each year .
the 10-year u.s. treasury bond rose 1 12 / 32 to yield 3.364 percent .
australian stocks ended marginally higher as investors digested a mixed batch of corporate earnings .
he said the markets need a superregulator to manage risk across the financial system .
" " it 's amazing to win a world title just like my father .
three board members must vote to move to the next phase of the review .
you 're challenged to allow people to say no and not press too hard .
wheaton resident jeff gates said he signed up his neighborhood on the web site .
he then adds that during his schooldays , such ideas never occurred to him .
" the fans want the steinbrenners involved , " hank told me this winter .
several republican lawmakers joined worldnetdaily figures to endorse the campaign tuesday on capitol hill .
" there 's so much anger among the white males , the white females .
he zips up one of his suitcases and then remembers to double-check the bathroom .
neither of the men are suspects but detectives say they may have important information .
some dealers have been asking if the rally for base metals will be sustained .
i earn $ 300 from each trip and make a trip every three days .
" she can only return with some safety guarantees , " he told reporters .
the previous three games in the series were decided by 4 points or fewer .
" o.c.w. is just the publishing of the content , " he said .
altmann warned that government intervention to safeguard all bank savings could deter pension investment .
she likes it that way , avoiding the limelight and rarely speaking in public .
when i signed up i knew these funds were risky , " he said .
how california and the other states will turn around those struggling districts is unclear .
we put in large camellias and magnolias , which were taller than the babies .
the unit could also make broader recommendations about vehicle safety and traffic law enforcement .
barkley also played on the united states olympic dream team in 1992 and 1996 .
mr. larijani ran for president in 2005 , the year mr. ahmadinejad was elected .
zola extended his deal on saturday and clarke , 45 , followed suit yesterday .
gold also suffered , falling 0.6 per cent to $ 948.70 per troy ounce .
despite tight coverage , douglas-roberts snaked around rush and sank a beautiful left-handed flip .
they 've been together for nearly three years , so it 's about time .
jolie 's father , jon voight , has campaigned for republican candidate john mccain .
obama 's agenda is huge , he told reporters , but it 's justified .
the two arrested administrators were accused of taking bribes related to the building boom .
one can speak volumes without ever connecting on a personal experience or interlectual scale .
some can 't afford to retire , but many want to explore new avenues .
lescol , known generically as fluvastatin , is one of novartis 's older products .
in the afternoons , he reportedly goes to the movies or sight-seeing around london .
" if revenues go down , that shows our success , " rappoport said .
or they may decide that idol is for singer singers , and drop-kick him .
ma has been heavily criticized for failing to mobilize taiwan 's armed forces promptly .
it is the place where orion is scheduled to be eventually prepared for launch .
an aqma was set up in grangemouth in 2005 to assess the petrochemical plant .
but i saw and see my job as trying to do the right thing .
angelina jolie 's tromping around the third world as a united nations goodwill ambassador .
mccain shocked the political establishment by choosing palin as his running mate in 2008 .
growing up watching his father , curry had the same dreams about the nba .
toothlessness at age 70 was also linked with greater mortality over the study period .
he said he was hoping his hunger strike rallied international support for his cause .
they want russia to stand beside the u.s. as a separate but equal power .
in the beginning of november , about $ 1 billion of its debt matures .
foreign orders fell by 3.5 % , while domestic orders declined by 0.5 % .
peter tatchell , the gay rights campaigner , also opposed the bbc 's proposal .
at 60 , i still feel the chill " out in the cold . "
earlier this week , french president nicolas sarkozy raised hopes for a possible breakthrough .
burton stops jonathan : " boy , you better find your class quick ! "
the web is helping that data take wing and travel farther than ever before .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.18 gmt on sunday 2 january 2011 .
the rooms offer free wi-fi , an ipod docking station and 26-inch flat-screen televisions .
howard said he will ask a judge to set the case for trial soon .
the council said shaw was the country 's highest-ranking muslim elected official before 2006 .
buy the way - i thought we were supposed to wind-down the iraq war ?
elko 's offer came during his visit , and he accepted one day later .
one celebrity whose manifold flaws i find strangely easy to forgive is woody allen .
far and away city 's best player last season and now warming the bench .
pope benedict has made improving relations with china a main goal of his pontificate .
" we 're definitely not selling it , " he told the la times .
all those arrested are aged between 25 and 55 , west midlands police said .
obama : " number one , we inherited a $ 1.3 trillion deficit ....
kelly said the senior will run some plays against west virginia ( 7-2 ) .
" i think it 's kind of a balance , " said adrian benepe .
she asked the french king to pay the wages and pensions of her servants .
" we needed a good start , and we have had a great start .
" where there is abuse it will be investigated , " mr brown replied .
one five-mile jaunt ends with a wine tasting at an 18th century italian château .
emil brown had a broken-bat , two-run single in oakland 's four-run eighth inning .
most of the european films here were made on budgets of under 40,000 euros .
" it would have been the first christmas away from home for us all .
listen to cello sonatas on the stereo and fade out on the beach . "
i am proud of serbian history but not what serbs did in the 1990s .
" it appears the officer was struck and returned fire , " she said .
harman has asked the justice department to make the transcripts from her surveillance public .
" as a hedge fund manager , there is a diminishing law of returns .
remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly for five minutes or so .
jarrett mann 's dunk with 6 : 02 left pulled the cardinal within 51-48 .
a second 15-year-old suffered a fit during the attack at hameldon college in burnley .
anyone with a leeds or bradford postcode will not be allocated a doncaster ticket .
this time , they fell to 48 % , while obama captured a majority .
and audrey danced with every single member of the male crew all evening long .
each family was a " triad " with a mother , father and child .
most opponents of immigration just want to preserve their country 's identity and culture .
a. yes , most reality series do background checks and evaluations of some kind .
notes : @ dupuis ended a streak of eight games without a point . ...
like a true impressionist , bach is an expert manipulator of atmosphere and mood .
" forty-eight percent of the program money goes to consultants , " he said .
while there are signs of improvement we are not out of the woods yet .
" there was no need to look at the scoreboard , " he said .
zhongshan university in guangzhou has started up classes in comparative literature and feminist studies .
if your answer is , " we ignore them , " good for you .
johnson underwent surgery to repair a herniated disk each of the past two seasons .
it 's a sign that the conglomerate still faces a long road to recovery .
michigan state has pulled into a 50-all tie with 15 minutes still to go .
these statements may also relate to our future prospects , developments and business strategies .
swoon loudly enough and quintero may just reward you with a thick presidential slice .
the lender also would have to provide contact information for three mortgage counseling agencies .
over a million homes are now in foreclosure , the highest rate ever recorded .
akida mcclain had a game-high 31 points and 12 rebounds for division ii iup .
further research into population trends and the bear 's habitat will also be needed .
in the tv interview , juanita castro says she was approached by the cia .
the nasdaq composite index was up 0.98 percent , 21.14 points , to 2,139.02 .
it caught 125 officers wearing towels and underwear , though none were totally undressed .
gostin : did you grow up where boys took the girls parts in shakespeare ?
smith was instrumental in leading the scorpions into the premier league from the conference .
so did lezak , the oldest man on the u.s. swim team at 32 .
when i asked if i could bring my dog to work , he refused .
some set up corporations to make it harder to identify them , he said .
he also questioned the plan to recount a small portion of the ballot boxes .
such an ad also can pay for itself sometimes by becoming a fundraising vehicle .
but with the wolverines at 2-4 , i think it 's going to end .
associated press writers kathy gannon and amir shah in kabul contributed to this report .
once those details got out , kupferberg said , prosecutors felt compelled to act .
opec is scheduled to meet march 5 in vienna to review its production policy .
so some sort of penalty for early encashment of endowments does not seem unreasonable .
the second teenager needed stitches for head injuries but was later discharged from hospital .
i need to live , and so do the 50 people i employ . "
maybe not now dad , but in time you 'll understand what i mean .
lars too is a doll , as pliable as bianca and just as phony .
a senior pakistani official told the newspaper u.s. claims about quetta have been exaggerated .
he last appeared in may at the opening of a book fair in beirut .
roeder noted he was giving the interview against the advice of his defense attorney .
" that is the real reason for his absence , " he told ansa .
after only 14 minutes , however , another foul gave the latics their breakthrough .
delhi civil rights lawyer sushil kumar singh promised to defend the beggars in court .
as a result , interest rates on loans to businesses are now punitively high .
a man , 18 , was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm .
the current $ 3bn facility will also be cut to $ 2.5bn until then .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 10.42 gmt on wednesday 20 january 2010 .
he said the issue had been raised by many in discussions on food policy .
writing in the london evening standard he said journalists should not break confidentiality agreements .
the study is reported in the september issue of the american journal of pathology .
cincinnati -- cedric benson ran himself into a little bit of cincinnati bengals history .
if it rains all day on sunday , strauss might regret his decision . "
tensions in europe focused on the fortis battle to shore up its share price .
the relationship between the government and the british public has also been badly damaged .
" the mod is a responsible nuclear operator and informed the appropriate regulatory authorities .
a single interview conducted by one member of the company can be very misleading .
both titles are estimated to be losing more than £ 10 million a year .
a total of 10 schools in harrow , north london , were also closed .
so might o 'malley nominate smigiel , who was not joking about his application ?
over at the fish house there 's a tank with small , yellow fish .
that was not nearly as easy for western europe to justify before the crisis .
when he was a boy , professor heller 's family were sent to siberia .
the link between a rich diet and male children may have an evolutionary explanation .
macdonald geoff macdonald is the head coach of women 's tennis at vanderbilt university .
" how can you ask my country to go extinct ? " demanded nasheed .
they have been introduced to the other females in the group , including monifa .
i don 't think anyone really knows how serious the climate change issue is .
not that the magic have much time to savor the amway center 's opening .
the new law will be the main issue in this fall 's midterm elections .
and what works for mr. scorsese , usually , is some form of unease .
chronic illnesses like depression , diabetes and hypertension don 't magically disappear during pregnancy .
california already had the lowest debt rating of any u.s. state before the downgrade .
robert kilroy-silk might beat the odds and leave even more despised than he started .
for some in the dpj , this is one act of cynicism too far .
many residents eschew curtains , preferring instead to let light and greenery show through .
more of the festival 's roughly 125 features will be announced in early february .
look at what happened at that outpost that was almost overrun several weeks ago .
children whose parents are separating are in the charge of angry , emotional people .
an interim cap of £ 3 per day has been in place since january .
scotland will return six meps , one less than in the previous european parliament .
if they make it to the acc championship game ryan should win the heisman .
in 1768 angelika and mary helped found the royal academy of arts in london .
a bus driver had to brake sharply as the group ran into the road .
who suffers when moderates of either party are forced out by the republiklan 's ?
" having seen the website again it states there is a £ 10-a-month charge .
" hoffman and thompson are wonderful , " said karen durbin of elle magazine .
europe 's shares bounced back on wednesday after a fall in the previous session .
moody 's , fitch and s & p said the suits were without merit .
well all those philosophy and english faculty members aren 't so nice after all .
erakat was in paris , france , where abbas had been attending a summit .
" death is not the end -- it 's the ultimate undercover assignment . "
taurus ( april 20-may 20 ) : you enjoy an increase in popularity now .
mr dusanj appears different to the confident , ebullient beer-maker he was last year .
it 's true that some people would pay higher taxes under mccain 's plan .
will his government in help him ? £ 37,179 - £ 38,961 pa incl .
nosing around she climbed over pews , glancing idly at the couple exchanging vows .
these are just a few of this year 's april fool 's day pranks .
for britons , joining europe in 1973 was overwhelmingly an act of economic pragmatism .
total storage in the colorado river basin is also slightly better than last year .
" after what they did sitting on the bench something had to be done .
us efforts to persuade china to let its yuan currency appreciate came to nothing .
4 contacted hospital officials who , in turn , contacted ups two weeks later .
would the iranians accept a deal from obama that they already rejected from moscow ?
she said money was given to europe but only some of it came back .
but they do not yet know if he will ever walk or talk again .
elsewhere in the city a peace vigil was held in opposition to the bnp .
stacy peterson , right , with sister cassandra coles , vanished on october 28 .
aborn says his management background is more relevant to running the da 's office .
the senators opened the scoring on bass ' goal 3 minutes into the game .
" he still needs to work , " putin said with a wry smile .
his optimism is based on a number of concessions in the new negotiated settlement .
yet , this process has allowed us to come together closer as a team .
bookings made within 30 days of departure will be charged a $ 25 fee .
the researchers and independent experts both agreed a balanced diet was the best option .
9 and jeremy stevenson , 19 , was arrested tuesday night in the sept .
michael 's greatest music videos and concert performances in 3d on the big screen ?
even the mandate requiring everyone to buy insurance doesn 't kick in until 2014 .
and enthusiasm , more than anything else , is what it is all about .
playing characters was not fey 's strong suit when she was on the show .
they may be making another bid miscalculation thinking that the crackdown ill be effective .
it also said controllers at church fenton should have warned of the potential danger .
he said police searched his client 's home in bloomfield and removed some items .
john mccain 's top field general , mike duhaime , has been here before .
ms morrisroe-clutton is now recovering after her 67-day stay at the wrexham maelor hospital .
the boltwoods took the matter to court , and recovered katharine 's hard-earned funds .
both have been questioned by police about the death but neither has been charged .
people do it without getting married way more than those who do get married .
then i wouldnt have to boot the damn thing everyday when i come in .
the artworks are on loan through november , lacma director michael govan said today .
he left ascot avenue at 16 and drifted into a series of dead-end jobs .
more than two and a half thousand members were expected for the two-day congress .
germantown , md . , march 16 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- optelecom-nkf , inc .
as for reducing vat , that is the most stupid idea of the lot .
but mainly it is chitau who overtakes other pedestrians as the miles slip by .
the event was organised by the italy-based environmental and gastronomic campaign group slow food .
an hmrc spokesman said that the report did not reflect current hmrc debt activity .
set in parkland along the river aire , the ruins dating back to 1152 .
recruits must be physically fit and aged between 18 and a half and 40 .
these additional revenues account for 11.4 per cent of record companies ' domestic income .
the soldier was taken to a hospital early friday morning , where he died .
although he would never have admitted it , glass was afraid of his father-in-law .
he could receive four years and four months in state prison , hall said .
bidding started at just 99p , but climbed to £ 10 million by mid-morning .
manufacturing and construction are formally in recession , having declined by two consecutive quarters .
" this still feels like a bear market and clients have the same outlook .
this event will be broadcast live on the company 's web site , www.armstrong.com.
the implication was that we could thank the rockefeller laws for this marvelous result .
when all of a sudden there will be a knock at the front door ...
antonio said many areas remained inaccessible due to power outages and disruption in communications .
atletico madrid coach javier aguirre made a host of changes to his high-scoring side .
the uffizi museum in florence the uffizi : the world 's best art gallery ?
in the demonstration wednesday , protesters burned tires and tossed firecrackers at riot police .
several times , she counseled teens on birth control , which she found rewarding .
the conservatives would need a 6 % swing to win norwich north from labour .
the death of a 36-year-old man arrested at a hospital is to be investigated .
he pointed specifically to the shooting of devin brown , a 13-year-old car-theft suspect .
or is it just a thought floating in their heads ? " he asked .
a railway station in north east lincolnshire has reopened after a £ 500,000 refurbishment .
all four firefighters who died in the fire in november 2007 were from warwickshire .
thursday , steinbrenner got around steinbrenner field in a golf cart and his wheelchair .
there 's another quasi-governmental agency that 's lending hundreds of billions to troubled banks .
he admitted a charge of possessing cocaine in june and was fined £ 300 .
" why don 't you become a really good publisher ? " said boxer .
there was no immediate word on the extent of the injuries to both players .
despite those numbers , ratings have taken a big hit during the same period .
the archbishop of york spoke out today against anti-homosexual laws being debated in uganda .
who would choose those sensations to pass a late november evening by the telly ?
" it rattled the whole block " and sent smoke billowing , she said .
are you serious with that reference ? ) have to say on the matter .
as usual , the aluminum company alcoa kicks off the results season monday afternoon .
it was his fourth save of these playoffs and 38th of his post-season career .
behind for virtually the entire game , they lost to the spurs , 93-83 .
the splinter group has been considered the most likely perpetrators of the hotel attacks .
but make no mistake , warns setser : china 's currency still looks undervalued .
how long before he talks about england 's passion to beat the frenc ? ...
it was one of china 's first airborne rescue missions after a natural disaster .
preliminary results indicated that fatah 's younger generation in their 40s would win places .
the mission is now entering its routine operations after completing commissioning and demonstration phases .
it 's not just a slice of life but a higher level of tragedy .
all of you are going to have to eat your words concerning ron paul .
but he was not about to trade his ermine robes for a hair shirt .
21 , 1965 , when byu knocked off no. 2 saint joseph 's .
initial reports suggest the explosion may have been caused by a suicide car bomb .
walt disney co.-owned abc , however , initially balked at selling its 8 p.m.
if the us stops buying german cars , germany will eventually stop making them .
he said : " i am committed to joining saracens after the world cup .
all of it is attempting to put a human face on this horrific event .
the freshman illinois senator builds the widest lead in hypothetical electoral college votes yet .
berlusconi 's wife is divorcing him after complaining about his infatuation with young women .
the almost pure stream of co2 can now be compressed into a liquid state .
i shall be using their superb spectroscopy package next monday for my a2 group .
unicom and china telecom are both building networks with more commonly accepted global standards .
and at every turn , government has attempted to clamp down on such exuberance .
the authorities first heard of the disaster many hours after the fire broke out .
the situation is less clear-cut for people who have third-party fire and theft cover .
whether they like it or not , china has been very good for tibetans .
the police work for the people ; it is not the other way round .
snyder allegedly didn 't intervene when students discussed drugs and drinking , administrators said .
although mccullough used to be a neurophysiologist , her rhyming schemes are surprisingly bird-brained .
they 're less inclined to think about other ways of " leveraging " music .
it takes time and continuity ; you can 't do it in six months .
the sexing-up of opera rates as one of the great absurdities of our time .
tinker support for facebook 's open stream api will be available later this week .
natural gas prices gained 0.121 cents to $ .5092 per million british thermal units .
any commission action requires a four-vote majority , no matter what size the quorum .
and when it comes to rooting for someone , complexity is only a liability .
but throughout the year of my self-imposed spending fast , i saved $ 17,911.89 .
there are very few large businesses in the world with a margin that large .
there was also need for a change in us climate policy , gore said .
after neutralizing the impact of currency exchange rates , growth amounted to 3.6 % .
the gms meet four times a year and examine several issues around the sport .
the officials spoke on condition of anonymity because of the secrecy surrounding the negotiations .
the seminar is being organised by the churches council for industry and social responsibility .
the vessels will take part in joint patrols with the italian navy from friday .
or are armstrong 's deeds simply accepted as those of a remarkable human being ?
britain are now seventh in the table with six round robin matches to play .
the washington post 's jason reid previews the game sunday against the cleveland browns .
however , that plan was opposed by investors fearing their holdings would be diluted .
it is scheduled to be installed on thursday during the mission 's first spacewalk .
but after the war in georgia , that indicator dropped to just 7 percent .
the weather conditions were an improvement on march 2008 , which saw some snowfall .
dozens of roses were placed against the wall , where an eternal flame burns .
" we 're going to talk to people over at the dubai tent . "
then there is a vote , and then agreement at heads of government level .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.33 gmt on sunday 27 december 2009 .
the nation , though , demands much less of its men 's soccer team .
" this isn 't the richmond chamber of commerce , " begala said tuesday .
stock futures pared their losses early thursday following reports on unemployment and retail sales .
" at the beginning of each congress , the democratic caucus determines committee membership .
adult leopards weigh 30 to 50 pounds and measure about five feet in length .
between chatting and torture lies a small window of opportunity for enhanced interrogation techniques .
the marlins have won seven of their last nine at the mets ' home .
that would contribute to eu efforts to lessen dependence on energy supplies from russia .
he was scheduled to report to the team 's minor league camp on wednesday .
or who would twist the situation to avoid facing up to the horrific reality .
in general , shiite politicians hailed it as an olive branch to sunni arabs .
" their running backs are electric , " usc offensive coordinator steve sarkisian said .
what this means will become clear at the next rate meeting on july 3 .
or the district could wait until the state mandates it in a few years .
why , then , do schools solicit gifts of $ 25 or $ 50 ?
f4 also , visit washingtonpost.com / tax for a guide to the tax maze .
the ultimate goal is to send an unmanned probe to the moon by 2025 .
six floors of the seventeen story block have already been built at prospect place .
the government promised a $ 480 million aid package following port blockages in november .
little wonder , then , that we 're being called " generation rent . "
beyonce will collect her award at a gala in new york on 2 october .
analysts on average were expecting a 4.7 percent increase , according to reuters estimates .
brian krebs : good morning , dear security fix readers , and happy friday .
his shot ended a string of 49 straight innings without a homer for philadelphia .
the return of another kennedy brought repeated good wishes and emotion to capitol hill .
we will not pick up their slack , and we will not support them .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 15.05 gmt on wednesday 30 december 2009 .
police say at least seven vehicles were involved in crashes that involved some injuries .
in 1979 the prime minister appointed sir derek rayner as her adviser on efficiency .
controversy surrounds a scheduled commencement speech by president barack obama at this catholic university .
packham pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of supplying alcohol to an underage person .
geraghty loves the little ball through , the big passes , the slashing breaks .
they began to worry whether this might not be the calm before the storm .
typical cost : the price varies widely depending on the type of sauna purchased .
a strengthening us dollar positively impacted revenues before pass-throughs by approximately $ 0.6 million .
biologically , a mother has an enormous effect on her child 's immune system .
lead poisoning is the primary cause of death among north america 's largest birds .
" perhaps one of the gang members was in there , " she said .
pennystockperfection.com is an independent electronic publication that provides information on selected publicly traded companies .
the aptly named mad river can rise rapidly , especially during the spring runoff .
justin 's 15-year-old sister elena still listens to her brother 's music every day .
such reticence is unusual for hollywood , which has long been fascinated by drugs .
therefore , he is the political equivalent of " a dead man walking . "
church hill way is still closed and drivers are told to expect some disruption .
but blair , the exercise science professor from south carolina , remained cautiously skeptical .
the federal republic of germany stands ready to give its contribution towards solving them .
they even floated the idea of housing prisoners from guantanamo bay at the jail .
his performance also turns out to be the undoing of the play 's argument .
the city has placed him on paid leave pending the outcome of the case .
third-placed arsenal 's title hopes were dented after conceding a late equalizer at birmingham .
of course , more important is the amount of rwa covered by the scheme .
wales face the republic on 17 november and travel to germany four days later .
it is amazing that no one runs against him since he is so vulnerable .
even that startling drop does not do justice to the pace of job creation .
the 2-1 victory at arsenal at the end of september had been a watershed .
these cruises sail through the gatun locks and offer scenic cruising in gatun lake .
discuss your situation with a lawyer to determine whether it 's worth the effort .
defense minister ehud barak 's announcement came at a sensitive time in peace efforts .
stagecoach operates bus services across the uk , holding a 16 % market share .
his defence lawyers depicted him as a minor figure with no involvement in plots .
in contrast , some of his friends from his childhood have taken different paths .
the sars outbreak was short-lived and came at a time of relative economic stability .
we 're in the middle of a post-disaster , search-and-rescue , saving-lives operation here .
at its worst , an estimated 80 % of the state was under water .
milan in july became italy 's first city to crack down on youth drinking .
the west favours social democrats ( they govern berlin together ) or christian democrats .
can 't we at least get valentine 's day out of the way first ?
the first was in july 1944 , a pharmacist named fritz hubert ernst bicknese .
8 , when he passed maris , he walked 24.1 percent of the time .
governments around the world have taken steps to tighten monitoring of passengers at airports .
it can be argued that the religious right began this effort for selfish reasons .
gains of 200 % to 500 % are very possible in the penny market .
as speeches in congress go , this one was remarkably brief -- and poignant .
but oil prices actually tumbled to $ 111 a barrel as the storm weakened .
they do highly-skilled jobs giving millions of children nutritious dinners every single school day .
seacrest then allowed seemingly unstoppable adam lambert to choose which group he belonged in .
8 , with a grand opening celebration to follow on veterans day , nov .
spry portrayed herself as a loving , caring mother and denied all the charges .
i will gladly trade away all my claims to social security to get it .
she said : " there are a range of ways people can get help .
under the three-year asbo , ryan can only call 999 in a genuine emergency .
corbett said the defendants were expected to turn themselves in to a magistrate friday .
levin asked if any lesson could be learned about how the case was handled .
your rights will be affected by a class action lawsuit pending in this court .
i just celebrated the same as a guy does when he gets a sack .
this is why the opinions of men such as mr. rush limbaugh find support .
federal prosecutors used racketeering laws in 1996 to go after gangs based in chinatown .
i 've driven an automatic in the past it 's always been fairly smooth .
stranger still was listening to her describe a 2-over 73 at the semgroup championship .
the cuts represent less than 1 % of the 20,200 people employed by google .
they have been allowed to sell a wider range of pharmaceuticals under recent deregulation .
after two mri exams showed no structural damage , the exploratory surgery was recommended .
in addition , first-round pick darrius heyward-bey continues to have problems catching the ball .
you have zero proof and so rely on this slur that involves a teenager .
falcons owner arthur blank is looking for a coach for the second straight year .
voters tend to know more about the clintons than they do about mr. obama .
seldom do i buy something a need more than one month to pay for .
eric ripert is the chef and co-owner of le bernardin in new york city .
but the goldmans say gilbert refused to return their calls or produce the suit .
while the impact of lower rates will be modest , they will still help .
the scandal revealed more than 5,000 victims , and left behind five bankrupt dioceses .
the government firmly rejects critics ' claims that it harbours a hidden islamist agenda .
for the music industry , the fate of sirius xm looms larger than before .
the packing list gave the name victoria doneckaya as the contact person for aerotrack .
" that is alyn 's legacy , left to all who truly loved him .
aging bridges and roads are being repaired , providing needed jobs for construction workers .
" based upon these ( records ) , yes sir , " rosenthal replied .
krohn calls it " the crowning achievement " of his year-long tenure so far .
the shots were allegedly fired by marlon robinson , 20 , also of cambridge .
beat writers are miserable , according to an article in the new york observer .
first-round co-leader richard green and pablo larrazabal are tied for third at 3-under 141 .
" it took a while for me to trust him , " soni said .
huckabee 's gains have come as giuliani has faced a spate of bad news .
" the u.s. and its allies should accept nuclear rights of the iranian nation .
rick rolfsmeyer is hitting secondhand stores where he lives in tiny hollandale , wisconsin .
the site also plans to target ads to what its users are tweeting about .
what 's insidious about such atrophy is that it accompanies and reinforces diminishing awareness .
he estimates that there are 250 puma-related web sites and 2.5 million pumas online .
i 'm not knocking it , but who will that consultant be working for ?
the organism can be spread via contaminated food or water or through person-to-person contact .
erin henderson knew immediately the back injury he suffered against north carolina felt terrible .
some of the tablets may contain higher levels of the active ingredient than specified .
get the the sports book widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox !
in 2007 he inaugurated vélib ' , paris 's wildly popular free-access bike system .
nasa has until the end of august to launch discovery and its seven astronauts .
south korean president lee myung-bak said he opposes a military response to the launch .
police also found that ates had used his computer to research .22 caliber handguns .
coach jack del rio has suggested that david garrard isn 't an elite quarterback .
there was no immediate response from mr. olmert to his foreign minister 's statement .
accountants from pricewaterhousecoopers counted , sorted and numbered the ballots before the massive mail-out .
i am enjoying this great dialogue out here in the cornfields of central illinois .
time is certianly beginning to reveal we can recover , and that we will .
lenny kravitz , another rumored candidate , has publicly stated he 's not interested .
she should not have repeated the mistake she made after her health-care plan failed .
the brands of dog food stolen were chappie , eukanuba , bakers and beta .
he usually spends his days haggling with landlords , complaining neighbors and city bureaucrats .
to compensate , they have managed to raise $ 235 billion in new capital .
if grady were to close , her options for care might be severely limited .
once in power , he waged constant war against labor leaders and socialist politicians .
" we took three army vehicles and killed 20 soldiers , " he added .
dozens of officers using sledgehammers and angle grinders burst into the house seconds later .
the extradition order still must be signed by president luiz inacio lula da silva .
" if michael is fit , he will start , " he said then .
these sites are generally small and run by one person or a small group .
employers still need to be persuaded that older workers are worth holding on to .
the us treasury is providing a $ 4.5bn bankruptcy loan to help chrysler reorganize .
mancuso got her second silver medal after being runner-up to vonn in the downhill .
it overlooks an area that includes two vacant homes and an abandoned car wash .
the bank had incurred losses of billions of dollars in the us mortgage market .
the standard & poor 's 500 index rose 8.95 or 0.78 percent to 1,159.46 .
the key ring device was found to be a firearm with two bullets inside .
mechanics answer users ' questions and there are videos on how to maintain cars .
after her death in 1994 he married secondly , in 1995 , tina murdoch .
imports from israel account for more than 55 % of the palestinian trade deficit .
the agreement has yet to be ratified by union members and the city council .
" my body is okay , i 'm just frustrated and disappointed in myself .
residents on mountainslopes were also warned to beware of mudslides triggered by the rain .
but schwartz is one of many to recognize discounts will only go so far .
rob lee says newcastle 's multiple problems would be solved by appointing alan shearer .
a continuation of their way of life via lower fuel prices and energy independence .
she added : " i thank god for the last day we spent together .
more than 350 parkinson 's patients and healthcare organisations gave evidence to the inquiry .
eckstein said rolen reveled in rumbling into middle infielders , which could be contagious .
the bbc 's motogp presenter thinks home advantage will benefit valentino rossi this weekend .
" we still think it 's a tough time period , " he said .
daimlerchrysler shares rose 2 percent to 63.95 euros ( $ 87.22 ) in frankfurt .
especially important will be a pivotal assessment of iraq policy on capitol hill sept .
prime minister gordon brown and justice minister jack straw have forcefully denied the allegation .
the beauty machine is more subtle than a typical photoshop makeover , they say .
the dow jones industrial average is up about 9 points at the 12,289 level .
it added that it would be unlikely to break even in the first half .
daniel briere also scored for the flyers , who snapped a two-game losing streak .
one day he 's up on a roof when he 's struck by something .
the elder lennon turned it into a psychedelic masterpiece long associated with lsd use .
but ken small , surf city 's police chief , isn 't so sure .
government officials maintain that only 36 people died , and ahmadinejad repeated that claim .
the bank took many months thinking about the application from berck for a loan .
jg : what would you be doing , if you weren 't a writer ?
in addition the chinese authorities are acting to reduce their own huge stimulus package .
but nothing could top defeating the yankees , baseball 's gold standard for excellence .
missouri would pay about $ 88 million for construction and cover any cost overruns .
the explosion went off during the barracks ' morning flag-raising ceremony , ap reported .
1 , would award an almost 6 percent increase to the homeland security department .
leno 's ratings were up 47 percent over what he achieved before the strike .
a killer turned healer might seem to be a shining example of prison rehabilitation .
instead of undermining insurgency , routine abuse of captives has precisely the opposite effect .
stephenson finally got them going , scoring those 11 points during the 18-4 run .
" we were able to find a very capable group on very short notice .
larry roberta 's every breath is a painful reminder of his time in iraq .
it also includes tougher regulations for government-sponsored mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac .
ultimately , it also reduced the dismissal rates and increased the rate of conviction .
everybody is buying in and like predicted nobody has really put together the pieces .
maine medical center spokesman john lamb said shiloh died at the hospital friday afternoon .
what 's more , screening for chromosome abnormalities is not as effective in twins .
they are , therefore , constitutionally , in a similar position to civil servants .
anthony fisk , 22 , died in the novi sad hospital from his injuries .
russian president dmitry medvedev published a draft post-cold war security pact on november 29 .
the rams ( 1-12 ) host the houston texans ( 6-7 ) this sunday .
vojislav seselj gave himself up to the court in 2003 and pleaded not guilty .
an amenable legislature will help , though he may need to reassure some democrats .
british hopes : seven skaters will fly the flag in the short track events .
the college has been running since february and has a workshop for 50 masons .
the 45-year-old father of nine had been detained for a week before his death .
the yemeni government had no immediate response to the latest offer from the rebels .
mr. pilz 's clients include troy gentry of the country music band montgomery gentry .
bangladesh - long-delayed general elections are due to be held in bangladesh this week .
a spokesman for the mayor said that the meeting ran late into the night .
watch the story wednesday , august 6 on " primetime " at 10 p.m.
so the full-back is clear to run out in the six nations opener today .
hours before police found a body on friday , police had renewed their appeal .
she then made it clear on her feed that she was not david tennant .
of course , they didn 't pay us a penny , " she says .
the boys are arab-american , as are about half the school 's 1,700 students .
a further article compares clinton and obama to two pop stars fighting it out .
transparency is one of the great benefits of the web , not a danger .
prices fell slightly wednesday after the government reported a smaller-than-expected decline in crude inventories .
the spurs had just 64 points last year in a playoff game against utah .
another potential candidate is phillip oppenheim , a former tory mp and treasury minister .
you might say i 've had a bit of experience with them , yes ?
but , according to science , other academics feel its contribution might be negligible .
in the current economic climate banks are reluctant to lend for such lengthy periods .
the loss continued a houston streak of futility in september under coach gary kubiak .
anger that chief executive vikram pandit remains at his desk is to be expected .
officers remain in the somerton area and are liaising with members of the community .
officers were searching properties in brechin and carrying out door-to-door inquiries in the area .
it is a far cry from pushing a button to put the heating on .
well , at least not until the next time they attempted to do it .
29 , before most of the market turbulence that rocked bear stearns last week .
heath ledger gave it to me , " he said , to loud applause .
homes under $ 500,000 accounted for two-thirds of the monthly gain , dataquick said .
the d.c. market was in bad shape , and we were unable to sell .
the extent to which that continues will determine the fed 's course of action .
politician * * * businesses or with their cronies controlled the economy in malaysia .
the identities of the six members of the panel were never mentioned in court .
sølve sundsbø has given me some of the prints of shoots we did together .
north carolina gov. mike easley , a superdelegate , endorsed clinton on tuesday .
he has been charged with section 18 assault and criminal damage , police said .
if you remember when he first arrived at chelsea , it was like that .
in addition it could bring anti-drug police sniffing , ready to seize ill-gotten gains .
beatrice masopgah , for example , has a stall near oxford street in accra .
nor , he added , was the case likely to be an isolated one .
fundamental efficiency - fama 's definition of efficiency - is rejected at every horizon .
wilkes insisted on his innocence since he was charged almost exactly one year ago .
mr balls says he has no plans to change the current compulsory starting age .
the jaguars , who finished with 11 offensive rebounds , outrebounded uc davis 36-18 .
claim him for what he represented and condemn his actions as any patriot should .
militants killed 58 foreign tourists in the southern temple city of luxor in 1997 .
those firms have collectively agreed to invest 3.2 billion dollars into the new company .
inspired by their right-winger and their boisterous supporters , juventus finished the half strongly .
last sunday , a trucking agent in charge of transporting emergency rations was killed .
people who can afford to spend thousands personalising their r8s , that 's who .
medrano filed a domestic violence report against carlon hours before she was killed wednesday .
crawford , who divorced actor richard gere in 1995 , married gerber in 1998 .
and this year , they 're the best the music industry has to offer .
november natural gas futures rose 8 cents to $ 7.488 per 1,000 cubic feet .
in hilo , officials cordoned off the first three blocks next to the beach .
the rwanda temblor rattled kigali , some 125 miles away from the rusizi district .
israel has continued to expand its territory at the expense of surrounding arab nations .
i understand your frustration though , i have asked that same question many times .
" bridge of sighs " begins when its three principals are all that age .
" they will need to take a leap of faith , " he said .
the newest ship in the royal caribbean cruises fleet will power out from ft .
mortgage issuers have responded to their former easy-money ways by dramatically tightening lending standards .
the fight they put up made the kibbutz a symbol of resistance for israelis .
weekley had 11 birdies , six on the back nine , and one bogey .
the bridge was 40 years old but had a life expectancy of 50 years .
i always thought , i want to do something like that on a track .
competition likely also hurt gamestop , even with its major footprint in the industry .
the indianapolis fire department says the children 's father escaped from the burning home .
she is now effectively stuck in lebanon because that employer still has her passport .
i wonder how much of what she says she believes , maybe very little .
and i 'd love to see the city once again have a vibrant airport .
by all accounts , the legal opinions underpinning it were influenced by his office .
" the defence and foreign ministries are mobilised to act as quickly as possible .
9 dispute left the cab driver in his hometown bruised and with broken glasses .
along the way he has become a kind of pied piper for the arts .
a stronger-than-expected employment report from australia also pushed asian currencies up against us currency .
that is not the case with the tricky mortgage-linked investments that have soured lately .
the changes to its forecast were apparently not enough to lift investors ' sentiment .
but he said the outcome in afghanistan was too important to turn away from .
our wonderfull government , all ways in front of the media with worthless ideas .
marie warner had 17 points and 10 rebounds to lead canisius ( 24-8 ) .
the cac-40 in france fell 86 points , or 3 percent , to 2,754.62 .
the anti-government protesters have shown no signs of leaving and yesterday reinforced their numbers .
but terrorism and insurgency are only part of what 's going wrong in afghanistan .
consequently , the assurances given by higher authorities were not implemented on the ground .
mr talat faces a presidential election in early april that he may well lose .
in any case the administrator would handle any sale of relax 's assets independently .
the stories the star wants to tell you more attractive than her temporal beauty .
van susteren : there was another police officer with him who was also paid ?
ignore it until the credit crunch and a healthy dose of reality kicked in .
israeli military analyst alon ben-david said this was bush 's last gift to israel .
you do that by having long-term plans centring on the people and the strategy .
" it was never going to be the easiest decision , " he said .
the council argues the current three-tier system needs to be restructured to raise performances .
" i think the union has fudged the whole thing , " said hadley .
the bullpen was one of the culprits as the mets missed the playoffs again .
across europe , new high-speed rail services are luring passengers away from the airlines .
see , i thought that 's the way our system is supposed to work .
a spokeswoman for the penns confirmed the split to people without giving further details .
aries ( march 21-april 19 ) : you place great store by determination today .
he warned in a speech wednesday that overhauling the system could falter without aid .
the lakers had lost four of their previous six , including three at home .
but johnson was no more able than hughes to put his troubles to bed .
that 's why i rejected the original restructuring plan that chrysler offered last month .
rachel alexandra covered the same distance in 50.20 , but jackson was noncommittal afterward .
in recent days , relations have been tense between the united states and israel .
pringle said he sees no conflict in teichert 's prospective interest in the project .
such attacks might also be seen as a mark of desperation by the insurgents .
robert 's mother sandra blake saw the three men at an earlier court appearance .
estes was sidelined for more than two months because of a broken left thumb .
" peace and stability has been restored , " state-run newspapers declared on saturday .
the mountains are still spectacular , but the tourists are nowhere to be found .
he spent most of the game talking , chiding , guiding his defensive colleagues .
" a year-and-a-half ago we came within one vote of passing a flag amendment .
the non freedom rights in china is no cause to celebrate the olympics there ?
there was no heavy security presence in the village and the situation appeared calm .
they 're ready to change -- just waiting for their infrastructure to catch up .
" what happens in gaza brings us closer to a broader operation every day .
however , zelaya said he would give negotiators until monday to break the impasse .
with great trekking and spectacular bio-diversity , the potential for tourism here is enormous .
he traded places with garrett reisman , who is leaving after a three-month stay .
we want to hear about how you tried to be good and fell short .
alice is 15 , goes to private school and lives in a six-bedroomed house .
shares of ebay have lost nearly half their value in the last six months .
he says her incision became infected and left a gaping hole in her abdomen .
nonetheless , murray state scored 20 of its first half points in the lane .
more than 13 million patients worldwide have been prescribed the drug , she said .
he is expected to play for the first time this spring later this week .
it shows me that sexual harassment is very alive and well in the workplace .
kasparov had not joined the young protesters who had broken away from the crowd .
for their efforts , jayhawks on both sides of the ball received national recognition .
davehill : interesting call for budget unity by @ mayorlutfur rahman of tower hamlets .
the excise tax is likely the worst but will take time to affect sales .
this year 's contest will be held the secc in glasgow , in september .
if recent events are a guide , bank lobbyists may find those politicians stubborn .
he claims natural england is acting beyond its powers and cannot stop him .
but he did put together the entire set list for the concert marty filmed .
residents frequently say civilians , sometimes women and children , are among the dead .
the portion you might withdraw in the early years should be invested more conservatively .
the average overall cost would be about $ 340 a year , he said .
until this year meps received the same salary as members of their national parliaments .
the short-track relays are perhaps the most mesmerizing event to watch at the games .
the benchmark 10-year u.s. treasury bond fell 5 / 32 to yield 3.015 percent .
chinese leaders have already promised support for the debt markets of greece and portugal .
administration officials and house leaders have pressed aggressively for the addition in recent days .
20 in many ways will be stronger than the one he inherited in 2001 .
he came up with the idea after his own grocery shopping habit was interrupted .
never marry a man whose first wife had to sue him for child support .
apparently , these officers will also be offering walks " from beginner level . "
for the highly respected whiting to have been overridden by the stewards is disturbing .
to beat the colts , the jets must somehow keep manning below two touchdowns .
defense secretary robert gates says the u.s. military is ramping up its relief efforts .
it covers billions of dollars in trade and a market of 1.7 billion people .
finally , the union voters come from demographic segments that usually support hillary clinton .
iowa ( 6-2 ) defeated no. 5 michigan state ( 8-1 ) 37-6 .
the organisation said the increase in teaching funds was the highest in the sector .
china finished with a total of 188.900 , with the united states on 186.525 .
some local affiliates wanted the state association to stay neutral this time , too .
peers resisted attempts to impose external regulation by the new independent parliamentary standards authority .
prosecutor christopher donnellan qc said the altered cars were sold on to unsuspecting buyers .
should we raise age of criminal responsibility ? 9what really happened on bloody sunday ?
in this very religious country , any allegation like this has an incendiary affect .
mr smith 's lawyer , prachaya vijitpokin , said he would challenge the ruling .
she spent at least one night after the slaying at a friend 's place .
it will randomly open up , or switch from the right to the left .
this time he got the answer he wanted , by 65 votes to 58 .
kennedy was the first president to use the resolute desk in the oval office .
while i was there , i decided to do some gardening at her house .
fannie mae shares were down $ 2.95 , or 22.4 percent , to 10.25 .
she and the former president split their time between houston and kennebunkport , maine .
there 's the hybrids , like arch chemical is a big company in connecticut .
it 's no longer just a sun-bleached hulk with the rear wiper snapped off .
unless your car is becoming totally unreliable the numbers show cheapter to keep her !
he said tuesday the fragments of the plane would be shown to the media .
repeat , beating each time , until all the egg and flour are added .
last month he was presented with a doctorate in engineering at southampton solent university .
monique ( ph ) learned firsthand why young adults need affordable quality health insurance .
that has been the central operating assumption of the aid business for a decade .
jimenez ( 5-6 ) allowed four runs and eight hits and struck out three .
the trojans made six of eight ( 75 % ) in the second half .
qualcomm said it was pleased there was positive news in the long-winding legal battle .
russia has imposed a moratorium on the death sentence but has not abolished it .
and , also , i think what players were doing previously with the sims .
i voted against him twice , as did a majority of americans in 2000 .
" mars is extremely surprised about the recent announcement that tests conducted by the ...
sure , they have adopted a few , small laws from the elv trials .
he was previously deputy chief of that unit , and oversaw the narcotics unit .
once again the obama haters look like fools with their lies about our president .
coca-cola and pepsi are the two biggest soft drink makers in the united states .
the book , to be published next week , will mark mi5 's centenary .
while the £ 292m losses caught the attention , other figures were more significant .
for survivors , the water has inundated southeastern queensland could still have serious repercussions .
but until i started working on them , i hadn 't appreciated their similarities .
but its handling of the crisis was attacked by opposition parties and the press .
today , she 's meeting with members of what 's called the mideast quartet .
it gave plenty of information with each listing and identified the agent to contact .
production of electricity , for example , is taken " almost for granted . "
automakers have been struggling lately to maintain sales momentum amid soaring motor fuel prices .
he wore a $ 4.4 million chinese-made suit weighing 120 kg ( 265lb ) .
" amy 's look is kind of girl group , more like the ronettes .
many couples are introduced to the joys of costume sex through fancy dress parties .
but the resistance was firm and in the last second the gloss was added .
this week it launched a widespread digital media initiative called not in my name .
he said he didn 't take up health care reform to score political points .
it is apparently " popular on the continent for it 's therapeutic properties . "
the maritime self-defense force destroyers will be dispatched saturday , the defense ministry said .
but more might come out on a saturday when they have more free time .
a man has died after a four vehicle crash on the a69 in northumberland .
tarvaris jackson would get the start if the 41-year-old favre is unable to play .
a public consultation has been running since may and will end on 28 july .
the dealers likely will have a right to appeal to get off the list .
passengers caught up in flight disruption at glasgow airport have been describing their frustration .
sheryl crow and her restaurateur love are no longer sizzling , reports us weekly .
we want to assist her and this family in their quest to see justice .
they blindfolded him and took him to a nearby militia base , he said .
mr napper will appear at city of westminster magistrates ' court on december 4 .
she said one whole flock and half of another flock had " vanished . "
play could not begin at the scheduled 1100 bst , with the covers on .
there may not be some things that we would have had in the past .
she said the proposal will likely face opposition when it goes to the parliament .
she did , however , wear a black tuxedo with a blue green vest .
fifteen children in the city have died due to abuse or neglect since 2005 .
by turning these consumer 's products into bricks , apple is antagonizing early adopters .
valassis stock has ranged from $ 1.05 to $ 21.01 over the past year .
and past use of any ssri also did not appear to pose a risk .
there wasn 't a racist bone in his body ; there really wasn 't .
manx police said the car had been the only vehicle involved in the crash .
the rockets 's ron artest added 21 points , while aaron brooks managed 19 .
until recently , investors had believed that chinese banks were well-insulated from the debacle .
obviously after a win , i 'm on a high , " he said .
and are there any readers with opinions on the cost-benefit analyses of climate engineering ?
dr. edward creagan says owning a pet can be a prescription for good health .
ukraine in particular has come under severe financial pressure and is seeking imf help .
viral vaccine maker novavax rose more than 75 percent to $ 1.42 per share .
weekly quiz -- how much do you know about the premier league ? 1 .
he was found by a mountain rescue team and airlifted to hospital in inverness .
mr. mccain has frequently said he never pushed his children toward a military career .
no , this was proper cricket , only it was being played in france .
this will be the first spicy item that dickey 's has offered their customers .
but the council said a very small percentage of staff would see pay fall .
in some parcels , packets of heroin were sewn into the lining of jackets .
tearne takes another writerly risk here by opening the novel on 7 july 2005 .
it needs to be done for the city , state and federal governments too .
they signed him to a $ 13 million , three-year contract in november 2006 .
the bank was part-nationalised last year , with the taxpayer now owning 70 % .
i don 't know where i get that conviction , that strength , from .
travel about eight miles southwest from malaga to the beach resort town of torremolinos .
then you 'll have to either cut the program or raise taxes somewhere else .
abortion opponents say the provision falls short in restricting taxpayer dollars for abortion coverage .
i don 't think they want to see us battling , " she said .
talbot and henry , both from bilston , had denied mr white 's murder .
as things stand , the drift of members is on a very small scale .
fujimori , the son of japanese emigrants , was president from 1990 to 2000 .
if you buy separate detergents for kitchen and bathroom , you 're a mug .
of course , pandemics can be deadly and need the numbers have luckily dwindled .
ms jacobs , and others who criticize miss california are wrong for doing so .
nigbur said there was no evidence that the trooper 's life is in danger .
we do think about ways of minimising the cost of our electricity in particular .
24 , the office reopened on march 8 after a lull in the bloodshed .
is it the orthographic trademark of someone who can 't finish what he starts ?
the supreme court ordered his arrest and the army quickly sent him into exile .
yesterday the wall street journal exposed wick as the man who arranged the deal .
11 anniversary of the islamic revolution has raised questions about the movement 's momentum .
last week , a crowd vented fury at another public building in the city .
my uncle jerry from coldwater , miss. called to offer me some advice .
when we do go out , we really notice how quiet the restaurants are .
to say it 's all about oil would be a conscious or unconscious lie .
you can also find them online at newegg.com , amazon.com , mwave.com and buy.com.
meanwhile the eagles suffered three marginal calls in their narrow defeat to the giants .
the second point i want to make is -- is the issue of energy .
he was wounded more than once and receives a disability pension from the military .
richard endured two battles with breast cancer in the mid-1990s and then in 2002 .
later , in midday trading in new york , the euro fetched $ 1.5741 .
taylor believes that pearson 's arrival could bolster brown 's cause at turf moor .
sabean acknowledges he 's made his share of mistakes along the way , too .
last year , they did it for cornerback darrelle revis and linebacker david harris .
stop back then for workout to post time coverage of the great american race .
someone is lying , and teddy intends to find out who , and why .
8 mins : bendtner does a really exaggerated and slightly embarrassing and unnecessary back-flick .
when henin walked away from the sport nearly two years ago , rodriguez understood .
anu chopra : he is not just huge in this country , but globally .
all mothers and daughters want the same things : love , understanding , respect .
camara seized power in a coup nine months ago in the west african country .
the idea was that she would pop the balloon as he popped the question .
his differences with the resolutely liberal conference led some to label him a reactionary .
this time an engineer must be called out to fix the broken wanpi pump .
description via animal new york elected officials as the popular kids at the prom .
he says he once met an entity that displayed a personal interest in him .
claimed by arizona in august , he was released that month after three appearances .
strain the potatoes and artichokes from the pot into a serving dish or bowl .
tony parker had 15 points and nine assists and manu ginobili scored 13 points .
phillips exeter , founded in 1781 , is the nation 's sixth-oldest boarding school .
however , they decided not to delay what many indians players felt was inevitable .
the state medicaid program is overwhelmed , and primary-care doctors are hard to find .
arsenal have done something similar , while liverpool have opened refereeing and training courses .
what happened to kabul 's music college when the city was under taliban rule ?
for those hoping for better from the re-elected mr rajapaksa these events are dismaying .
it 's also supposed to protect people from the government violating their religious beliefs .
al gore and wangari maathai seek to blunt warming and poverty by saving forests .
yahoo ! rejected icahn and made the case for keeping the current board intact .
microsoft unveiled its new control system for the xbox 360 console , project natal .
at 61 , former oxo mum lynda bellingham is this year 's oldest contestant .
he was an inspiration and one of the reasons i 'm a journalist today .
the statement added that details of the agreement will be released by the parties .
is the latest version of the gt3 the best road-legal trackday weapon of all ?
the fort was used again during the american revolution , then fell into disrepair .
falby and henderson did not show jones the warrant , according to trial testimony .
" i hated robbie savage when he played against me , " jewell admitted .
and that is exactly where the financial services industry would like to come in .
she has fewer than one per cent of the voters to thank for that .
india and australia players lie on the ground to avoid a swarm of bees .
under the deal , taser will deliver 2,500 of its x26 electronic control systems .
natwest did put a temporary credit on the account but the retailer contested this .
for opposite reasons , both rules approved on tuesday were sharply criticized by industry .
scientists like leakey aren 't the only ones who object to the impending exhibit .
over all , united states retail revenue at tiffany rose 4 percent between nov .
the road was closed for five hours while the emergency services attended the incident .
i did that for more than eight years after completing a basic accounting course .
still , at least the british and irish lads should be used to this .
all other trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of the respective trademark holders .
after two hard weeks , some will argue , it 's better than nothing .
india and pakistan have fought three wars since their independence from britain in 1947 .
it replaced mike catt , with the younger , more elusive , toby flood .
but in washington , defense department spokesman bryan whitman said the moves appeared cosmetic .
" unfortunately , the window was closed and they became trapped on the sill .
the sad truth is they don 't care about people 's health at all .
the canadian-born member of britain 's house of lords was also fined $ 125,000 .
it 's 10 miles wide and runs 40 miles from tralee to slea head .
the house ways and means committee will hold a hearing on the issue thursday .
there is a lengthening backlog of commercial payloads waiting for a ride into space .
ms lumley said : " the ruling on september 30 last year was clear .
with five days until the election , the presidential race is picking up pace .
the shares have lost more than three-fourths of their value in the past year .
lactium has been widely tested and proven to ease tension , the company says .
" free prescriptions and parking reforms have been widely welcomed by patients in wales .
in september , however , palin drew more voters in than she put off .
there is a long history of female ngo workers being harassed in this region .
inside the sleek apartments only the windows and the cornicing belong to the period .
he says he was tortured while being held nearly four years as a suspect .
michael leavitt said in a july 21 letter to rep. joe barton , r-texas .
the definition of snow falling in a certain place and time satisfies that condition .
in new york , i can easily get by living in an insular world .
japan is an extreme example , but many other rich countries have similar problems .
ouattara remains holed up in a waterfront hotel under the protection of u.n. peacekeepers .
heavy shade can also foster growth of mold and mildew on siding and bricks .
i don 't see how reid 's comments could possibly be seen as insensitive .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 19.52 gmt on tuesday 11 january 2011 .
the american 's knee may be fragile , but his confidence is anything but .
a hardy few -- the stray tenant here , the homeowner there -- remain .
that has to happen at a personal level but also at a national level .
lord phillips said the school was breaking race relations legislations by restricting its admissions .
wouldn 't " mp sells taxpayer-funded flat for stonking profit ? " be worse ?
" i know i could be quite a different man ! " he writes .
hockney has also used digital techniques to paint some of his more traditional landscapes .
people also called and e-mailed to inquire about adopting baldwin , ultimately without success .
the chargers will play host to tennessee on sunday in a first-round playoff game .
michele davis-balfour , balfour 's mother , passionately defended her son monday to reporters .
during his teaching days , emrys gained huge inspiration from the students around him .
and there are more ominous signs for smaller wineries that sell directly to consumers .
only two other men - midshipman william dundas and able-seaman bob tilburn - survived .
mike macdougal then worked a 1-2-3 ninth for his sixth save in six tries .
dotted through the capital are stands with space for posters of the four candidates .
annc : the democratic national committee is responsible for the content of this advertising .
after what happened in 2006 , i thought it would be hard to improve .
tricky , that one : making your child " different " from the classmates .
there are different types of shoulder surgery and i have had three of them .
the new system is more responsive without adding to hardware requirements , pogue wrote .
researchers asked couples expecting a child whether they wanted a daughter or a son .
kennedy , johnson and , famously , richard nixon taped nearly all their conversations .
those hospitalizations occurred before the county sponsored 109 public vaccination clinics in the fall .
sure , most of the jokes are corny , but all in good-natured fun .
it 's a signal to voters who remain undecided to start narrowing their choices .
it 's why he can hardly speak when he sees u.s. soldiers in uniform .
and he showed up at augusta last year going for his third straight major .
mourning already has said there is " zero chance " of playing another season .
natural gas prices climbed 4.6 cents to $ 7.915 per million british thermal units .
he joined salomon brothers in 1994 as head of investment banking for latin america .
" women can opt to attend the birthing classes and deliver in this unit .
the sexes behaved similarly when there were two or three puppets to go round .
the program entails approximately 13,000 metres of diamond drilling with results expected by november .
craig gallagher , 30 , was detained at his home in torrance on tuesday .
rice asked the cia on several occasions who had approved the change in procedures .
it draws on a variety of sectors , including finance , architecture and aviation .
exclusive : is aubrey o 'day set to bare all in topless vegas show ?
that has kept exports stable in zloty terms , while imports are slightly down .
the pollworker manning the signature book remembered my name from my primary day visit .
notes : @ phoenix captain ed jovanovski was scratched due to a bruised kidney .
among the victims was christina taylor green , 9 , whose funeral was thursday .
according to a new study , even doctors fall prey to common medical misconceptions .
its final report to the governor is due by the end of the month .
( people do not move around enough to avoid their really distant cousins . )
in the beginning , learning was a partnership between a master and an apprentice .
" but we 're not going to wait too long , " he said .
the share of corporate bonds graded a or higher has declined sharply since then .
usw-represented steelworkers are world class partners for the economic future , " gerard stated .
helicoptors dropped food and other supplies to survivors managed to scramble up nearby hills .
the council 's strategic planning committee will debate the project again on 8 march .
a spokesperson said the authority would not comment on allegations made against individual officers .
rather more may be understood as the result of deep-rooted poverty in an underclass .
the clio driver , who lived locally , was pronounced dead at the scene .
when you have fallen so far , it is a long way back out .
a commission statement described current world market conditions for sugar as " exceptional . "
" we feel the effect on the families was not adequately taken into account .
she testified that he appeared healthy and was more coherent than she had expected .
john is convinced , too , the difference being that he enjoys his ghost .
in her speech , hillary clinton could have made a stronger case for obama .
roy hartle who lives in darley abbey said the route could go even further .
many developers remain in the condo market and are aggressively marketing their new units .
the three defendants are accused of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud .
" it smelled like a graveyard , " samuel rodriguez said of the neighborhood .
dealers applauded the senate 's action yesterday , and some got additional good news .
the lake rushed through the breach and vanished , taking their livelihoods with it .
the first monopoly world championships took place in washington , d.c. , in 1973 .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.21 gmt on wednesday 23 december 2009 .
the annual rates have not been positive since january 2007 , the report said .
both parties remain divided over social welfare benefits and the guaranteed status of jerusalem .
24 hour party people was the film that oddly got me attention in america .
the bulk of the ulster squad returns on 15 june to start pre-season training .
scottish justice minister kenny macaskill will make a statement on megrahi at 1200 gmt .
" passing the time , you know what i mean ? " he said .
if you believe this poll- i have some land to sell you in china .
the second day of the cheltenham festival has been abandoned due to high winds .
they lost game 4 on a goal by jokinen with 0.2 seconds to play .
vettori said the team effort was the key to his injury-hit side 's successes .
montreal led 2-0 when maxime lapierre and guillaume latendresse scored in the first period .
change to win also opposed cvs ' acquisition of longs drugs stores last year .
the pacific hurricane season began friday , and the atlantic season starts june 1 .
the vulcan to the sky petition has been posted on the downing street website .
however , according to humphrey , bardwell wouldn 't issue them a marriage license .
both airlines serve schnefeld , which has good links to both berlin and potsdam .
two of the children reportedly died of their wounds , " a statement said .
tampa bay went 2-9 against al east foes new york , boston and baltimore .
spokesmen for bank of america and merrill lynch did not return calls seeking comment .
the bottom line with edgbaston is that the pitches are very , very flat .
with his partner sean macpherson , he created the trendy maritime and bowery hotels .
it now has two other locations with kids spa menus at inns in massachusetts .
israel refuses to let them have materials that can be put to military use .
the south american star has struck twice in 17 league appearances for the biancoceleste .
big holiday crowds are hard for politicians to resist , and many did not .
she began experiencing severe stomach pains three weeks ago and was taken to hospital .
the site is now more popular than united.com , ford.com , and even moveon.org.
could the republicans actually nominate a saintly liberal in 2008 , even in fiction ?
some conservative democrats have been pushing house to approve the current senate bill unchanged .
some veterans who get a pension for their disabilities are being refused income support .
judge james peck is expected to consider final approval of that deal on friday .
miguel montero hit a homer off reliever jason motte for arizona 's only run .
drexel 's momentum continued with three three-pointers in six minutes to pull within one .
and the buzz on the blogs was that the marriage is a publicity stunt .
both teams were missing at least three starters because of injuries and a suspension .
she did no better or worse among college graduates or those making more money .
we blew our opportunity today but we have one left to get up automatically .
" they miss out on the things that are important , " he said .
martinez is 37 and definitely not ready to retire , says agent fernando cuza .
if gold discoveries fail to keep up with economic growth , you get deflation .
osteria al bacco , fondamenta capuzine , 3054 cannaregio ; ( 39-041 ) 721-415 .
but , subsequently , a number of countries have agreed for them to stay .
others were preyed upon for innocent characteristics such as wearing their hair in pigtails .
live q & a now : do you have a question about your rights ?
the ipcc forecasts stronger hurricanes in the future , but possibly fewer of them .
teen drivers report that their main reason for driving is to get to school .
but many in pakistan believe the move had come in response to u.s. pressure .
neither can the arab regimes save themselves by having a republic form of government .
it 's almost a disqualifier to say it has no real influence on you .
edwards spokesman dan leistikow also noted that obama 's plan would leave millions uninsured .
police said a quantity of what was believed to be controlled drugs was seized .
now , would you like to guess how the equipment makers feel about this ?
voting for john mcbush will reward the republicans for the last eight lousy years .
andrew murray and r.j. umberger scored for columbus and steve mason stopped 29 shots .
" she could talk a dog off a meat truck , " he added .
reid had labored intensively to get the bill through , and the stress showed .
1 , 1994 , according to the 2005 , 2006 and 2007 registration lists .
no one from the bush administration showed up on any news show except fox .
the event 's organizers said last week they were planning legal action against her .
but for many other car companies , shows have quickly become an unaffordable luxury .
williams timed the fade route perfectly , leaping high to make an acrobatic catch .
cartoon network -- it 's not just for cartoons anymore . . . . ?
predictably , many in the industry are fighting regulation as hard as they can .
this tunnel is for sewerage , connecting the bdr headquarters to a nearby river .
state teachers to this day are not obliged to supervise sports after school hours .
the plan was shelved after it failed to find support for the minimum amount .
private residential construction spending was the biggest drag , falling by 1.6 per cent .
there are times when a heavy diet of one medium means less of another .
" we need the minister for enterprise , arlene foster , to clarify that .
and price reductions are seen in the price of services as well as goods .
however , this offer is only as good as the credit of the guarantor .
by year 11 , 80 per cent of children have at least one gcse .
the economy is not going to be " recovered " when it stops contracting .
that shouldn 't be too difficult , since the set is a classy affair .
premier wen jiabao applauded at mission control in beijing , the associated press reported .
clearly , the airborne laser has the advantage of strategic mobility and tactical flexibility .
measure for measure will open for business again -- further on down the road .
the automaker did not say which factory would be selected to build the cars .
he had to ship his entire final menswear collection to the academy 's committee .
all the same , whatever his motives or manner , snow has a point .
instead , they are there to trouble shoot and monitor that everything goes correctly .
dan bolz , left , is president of the foundation hoping to build it .
when dormant , the tree will establish more successfully than when in summer glory .
i have been with her three years now and she is a delightful girl .
those found to be underage and in possession of alcohol are having it confiscated .
reggie moore had 24 points to lead the cougars ( 14-6 , 4-3 ) .
the militaries of other nations , including france and the netherlands , honored him .
he does not know how much he will play the rest of the year .
the novel was , like many first novels , largely a roman à clef .
associated press writer david sharp in portland , maine , contributed to this report .
it 's great to watch teams like that and learn from players and teams .
ata is not alone in its citation of the legal defects of the legislation .
now imagine the government spending $ 3.6 trillion and borrowing nearly half of it .
the strategic defence review will aim to prioritise both the threats and the responses .
korea telecom 's base stations will be switched on in a few weeks time .
q we are about to go on a skiing holiday to the french alps .
slattery , 33 , of topanga , had a 5-month-old daughter and 2-year-old son .
the survey found that only 14 per cent of measures tested were completely accurate .
a 20-year-old man from southend was later arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to rob .
fenerbahce began the night unbeaten in 15 european outings but arsenal demolished that record .
" i was forced to remove people from their homes , " he said .
however , if the snow is good , you may find the place empty .
uk singer-songwriter taio cruz lines himself up as a judge on the x factor .
he had worked on it sitting at the coffin-shaped cabinet table in no 10 .
it 's also one of the cornerstones of the american and british legal systems .
pettersen tied for second in that event in california after faltering down the stretch .
sterling , va . , june 22 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- neustar , inc .
first , it costs a lot of money to campaign in those big states .
ban said he gave the same message to leaders of both sides on saturday .
craig stammen ( 0-1 ) lasted five innings in his second major league appearance .
he is cnnhealth.com 's conditions expert and answers viewer questions weekly on cnn.com live .
the facebook post was palin 's most extensive public statement since saturday 's tragedy .
however , most homes will have two or more women sewing for kandahar treasure .
today there are 34 , said frank badillo , senior economist at retail forward .
died : 5 december , 2007 , in kuerten , germany , aged 79 .
the previous doctor , david tennant , smouldered his way across the space-time continuum .
" i must go down and comfort those poor people , " she said .
he became a music critic in 1979 for the international herald tribune in paris .
" belgian tennis is on a very high level today , " clijsters said .
i grew up in the era of tinny am radios and 45 rpm records .
she did not retain the money but put it into a medical school account .
since last friday , eight more cases have also been reported in washington state .
two men were arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently in police custody .
suicide bombers continue to wreak havoc , killing at least 50 people last week .
if there 's a task force or council , he is on the board .
with so many months before the election , these numbers are not very meaningful .
our industry is unique in the extent to which companies cooperate with each other .
ambivalence and suspicion are nowhere more apparent than on the issue of human rights .
however , the operation was cancelled again for the same reason , they said .
the fossil research is detailed in the journal proceedings of the royal society b.
myanmar was formerly known as burma and has been under military rule since 1962 .
nguyen viet chien , from thanh nien newspaper , meanwhile always maintained his innocence .
a poll in july found 56 % support for financing the project this year .
the rebels have been at the heart of years of unrest in the region .
after this , he doesn 't know when or where he 'll play again .
some 26 ships have been hijacked off the notorious somali coast this year already .
note that prices and other details mentioned in this story are subject to change .
if we 're going to do something , we need to do it right .
managers hope to avert a stoppage at a meeting at the conciliation service acas .
" they must have known this was going to happen , " he said .
there has been no plan b in brussels for an irish " no . "
you 're a typical lib who can 't admit it when you 're wrong .
mr yusuf was also killed after the july clashes , allegedly in police custody .
" juve saved face , but we should have won , " said ranieri .
telegraph view : the government is being urged to tax hamburgers and chewing gum .
voice your displeasure of this idea to your representative , to your congress person .
the segment was scheduled to air tuesday on " the ellen degeneres show . "
chief executive john chambers said in a statement that the economic outlook was improving .
one of those companies is festival foods in wisconsin , a 12-store grocery chain .
so he abandoned the state to compete in the lightly contested caucus in nevada .
honestly , i think the players shouldn 't have too much of a say .
but like many tower blocks , the red road flats soon lost their shine .
he wanted to do something big and make a statement , " evans said .
it is the only time each year that the premier takes questions from reporters .
police question haskel about the shooting for 13 minutes at the 7th district station .
i certainly wouldn 't want to be put in this poor mother 's shoes .
during the past two weeks , we experienced so many surprises and some disappointments .
the mcclatchy co. already has cut dividend rates in half to pay down debt .
in return he would ask that they make a donation to their favourite charity .
the man was killed by a sniper 's bullet in this week 's clashes .
there seems to be so much talk of violence and bitterness associated with islam .
21 , 2006 , using a " no-knock " warrant to search for drugs .
" househusbands of hollywood " premieres on the fox reality tv channel on august15 .
in 2000 kellie pratt , 29 , disappeared from the red-light area of norwich .
the brand 's story -- and its capacity to evoke nostalgia -- is key .
the inventors are convinced that carrying this power to land can be made cost-effective .
top tips on how to create great profiles and pick the best photo 's .
this , ironically , is one of the reasons for today 's media-fed panic .
japanese share prices ended lower on wednesday as investors found few reasons to buy .
the move could neutralize a major source of tension ahead of key march elections .
most veterans got far less than the prescribed dose while others received too much .
i know that my son could have survived but my son bled to death .
" violence is the norm in illicit gambling markets but not in legal ones .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 00.01 gmt on thursday 7 january 2010 .
samba / pagode album : " acustico mtv 2 gafieira , " zeca pagodinho .
not that he 's breaking up his hugely successful partnership with coach bob bowman .
a message left for a medical center spokesman was not immediately returned sunday evening .
they strongly oppose any meeting or recognition of ahmadinejad , especially by president obama .
more propaganda from presidential imposter obama & his brilliant team of finacial hacks ! !
in 1994 , an anchorage jury awarded victims $ 5 billion in punitive damages .
" before we end this rodeo , a few things need to be said .
the sellers could get another $ 350 million if certain profit goals are reached .
the post said piven 's publicist wasn 't available for comment before press time .
" she means so much to me and my family , " he says .
senate democrats back that idea but have not said how they would fund it .
as your editorial correctly points out , strong health care reform is needed now .
they saw the dead cleric and an unexploded russian-made grenade lying next to him .
the defense policy legislation expands the army by 13,000 soldiers to 525,400 in 2008 .
in physics , he increased his rotational inertia , resulting in more rotational momentum .
if you want obamacare ... get treated at any major government supported county hospital .
they have threatened her with a fine of skr10,000 ( about $ 1,400 ) .
the star of the show , however , is the terrific helena bonham carter .
the controversy over the 21-year-old prejean began during the april 19 miss usa pageant .
there is also a gym and internet café and counselling and career management facilities .
the notion that this was somehow unknown to these people is simply not true .
as a new yorker , i am saddened by his decision not to run .
the banks will also forecast if they have the resources to absorb future losses .
the best-case scenario for fox is a less-imposing juggernaut to replace the old one .
on oahu , all beach parks , golf courses and the zoo were closed .
the who is pressing rich countries to buy and donate vaccine to poorer countries .
it is hard to overstate the sort of resentment this fosters among rank-and-file tories .
high-definition blu-ray discs come with more advanced copy protection that is tougher to crack .
smaller families could mean , for example , that children interact more with adults .
joanne robinson of the english democrats was third with 1,714 ( 7.2 % ) .
this is an automatic headline grabber and gives the illusion of something being done .
in the 20th century , the road to the american dream began in michigan .
at the same time , a recessionary wave has started to move across europe .
' offcos ' and legal recognition for cosmetic surgery as a specialty are needed .
that 's verging on cheating since attendance is a key requirement for graduation here .
it has led to a 20 % reduction in emergency admissions for the conditions .
unfortunately , ellis is trumped by the impressive collection of players on this list .
the prosecutors ' filing said it did not dispute that ryan is gravely ill .
in the next few years , however , many can expect to pay more .
redden 's funeral home director paul denigris said a windshield placard had fallen flat .
the agreements enable employers to choose ways of helping the most disadvantaged find work .
justice would be ill-served if fame mitigated any crime , especially one like rape .
friday 's performance line-up included kings of leon , fall out boy and placebo .
london - the battle of the bust is over , and consumers have triumphed .
yembrick said nasa officials hope to complete the study by the end of september .
with the saga dominating headlines , british tabloid reporters descended on panama en masse .
the movie co-stars natalie portman , anthony hopkins , renee russo and tom hiddleston .
he allowed four hits and the three runs with three walks and eight strikeouts .
" her spirits seem to be very well , " he told reporters earlier .
he 's vowing to be a little more productive on his second time trip .
reportedly , fanny was so startled by the accolade , she forgot to curtsey .
this does not alleviate the reservations of nigel scott from the shingles support society .
a minnesota man has pleaded guilty to driving his motorized la-z-boy chair while drunk .
helmand 's governor , gulab mangul , confirmed the arrests at a news conference .
the ticket , which had all seven winning numbers , was bought in spain .
corn futures closed lower with scattered rain expected to delay an already slow harvest .
the passengers departed on another flight about an hour after landing , he said .
in the 2007 quarter-final , three united fans were stabbed outside the stadio olimpico .
hence the steady refusal of the all-important interbank rate to budge from its high .
the wallabies are slowly , but surely , transforming , " the newspaper said .
almost all of eta 's fatal shootings and car bombings have occurred in spain .
the state 's credit rating has been lowered and unemployment is above 12 percent .
these services are really just beginning , relying on local partnerships in other countries .
they will be " executed simultaneously " but at different locations , he said .
the panels are screwed to wall studs , and can be bent around corners .
some say the former guerrilla is the country 's most popular leader since mandela .
and world cereals stocks as a proportion of production are the lowest ever recorded .
indeed , it is the kind of project dia was once primarily known for .
the space shuttle 's journey spanned 6.6 million miles and 250 orbits of earth .
five years ago , police say home invasions were virtually unheard of in tucson .
in 1973 he married marie-liliane filz von reiterdan in a register office in ayrshire .
the plan could put almost a third of the bank into middle east ownership .
if the duo prevails in athens , walsh will win her 100th as well .
al-dabbagh 's office then expressed " surprise and regret " at hosseini 's comments .
you and i may gasp , but that 's the free market at work .
the study participants in their 20s and 30s had the most negative relationships overall .
people his age simply don 't do things like shoot 67 at augusta national .
zambrano was not available for comment before wednesday night 's game against the astros .
coach jay wright benched his senior star to make a " teaching point . "
so what if my car is 25 years old and has two mismatching doors ?
the beer is cold , the music is loud and the admission is free .
chiropractic treatment for my neck and relaxation techniques finally offered real relief for me .
it 's pretty normal inside too , as you 'd expect of any audi .
he was serving in a mobile assault platoon , according to a fellow marine .
he awoke to find himself flying 50 feet through the air , he said .
we need to create a route map , and it needs to be incremental .
freestyle and backstroke were the beginning -- there was the breaststroke , the butterfly !
but a showdown with the commission in the assembly chamber has now been avoided .
if successful , it is thought other top name guitar manufacturers will follow suit .
besides , not all men with their own hair look good , or dignified .
richmond-based markel said springman has worked for the company for more than 25 years .
now they 're functioning as a unit , " lieutenant commander iain doran said .
investors said the report was not enough to spark buying of honda 's shares .
visitors are free to wander around the property while asking questions of the curator .
" i think we are doing an absolutely lousy job , to be honest .
for obvious reasons , he would rather i didn 't print his real name .
i 'm very confident that we 're going to get a full unequivocal apology .
a search for " unbox " on the site returned more than 11,000 results .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 13.18 gmt on thursday 26 november 2009 .
norway was coming off a physical and emotional victory over germany on wednesday night .
it gives security forces wide-ranging powers to arrest and detain suspects indefinitely without charge .
social workers knew the family but a protection plan had not been set up .
coral springs police chief duncan foster expressed frustration that no charges are being brought .
he also allegedly met osama bin laden and trained in an afghan al-qaida camp .
when commercial residential properties change hands , tenants typically don 't feel much impact .
my dad was quite jealous , so i did the exact same thing again .
and it is fortunate for the producers of strictly come dancing that it is .
king : but you 're not interested in finding out legally why you can ?
american is among seven detained in a suspected plot to kill a swedish cartoonist .
they had been working on a story about refugees fleeing the hardline communist north .
the u.s. mine safety and health administration found the violations while investigating a dec .
clearly , many stationed at fort campbell were not living up to these values .
why try to change things ? in the right place at the right time .
submerge the chicken halves in the solution and refrigerate for at least 12 hours .
most of us avoid malls and driving , especially at this time of year .
the more people that join , the happier this country will be. www.rockchoir.com.
under such circumstances , the " easycouncil " idea may struggle to get airborne .
in alice in wonderland , a whiting recommends a dance called the lobster quadrille .
shut off the central heating / air conditioning system , if you have one .
the camcorder trick is responsible for up to 90 percent of pirated new releases .
i read that joke in a magazine this morning over a bowl of porridge .
shares of bank of america rose 15 cents to $ 17.74 in premarket trading .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 11.18 bst on monday 19 october 2009 .
now it could face a different test -- legal challenges from advocates for inmates .
professor jim shepherd , of the university of glasgow , led the british element .
that can make for volatile sales results that are unrelated to broader economic trends .
more and more small towns like wasilla are becoming part of the metro orbit .
individual faces are distorted by anger into masks that don 't always seem human .
they 'll retrieve it and , after they depart , perform a full survey .
more recently , it has benefited from the lower price of oil-derived raw materials .
" it 's got special suspension and jj fits snugly into the hammock-style seat .
the number of people who engage in erotic asphyxiation of any kind is unknown .
welcome to a world where prices are as likely to go down as up .
he was awarded the red cross medal in 1983 and appointed obe in 1985 .
it is true that construction , manufacturing and transport have been hit hard here .
at least some of those tunes are expected to be in the new movie .
another threat to a peace deal is the leaders ' tenuous grips on power .
katich could get prodigious turn next dig , but hauritz does look v ordinary .
they also lost forward anthony randolph to a foot injury in the second half .
i would like to wish all our readers a happy and prosperous new year .
toronto reclaimed the lead in the second , sending 10 men to the plate .
he fired nine aces at roddick , who managed three aces of his own .
the best-designed cities are in northern europe , like the dutch and danish cities .
clem _ kelly 5 pass from harper ( buchholz kick ) , : 47 .
a liberal on social issues , he 's seen as middle-of-the-road on economic matters .
the current price is about 5 cents on the dollar , the times said .
policymakers also expected " a further deterioration in labor markets , " he said .
senate majority leader harry reid on wednesday indicated reconciliation may be in the cards .
the decline of marriage was recently linked to indiscipline and poor performance in schools .
taylor hit the bunker on the right off the tee and couldn 't recover .
actress selena gomez ( " the wizards of waverly place " ) is 17 .
european tour chief referee john paramor told woods and harrington they were being timed .
sas ( flysas.co.uk ) has just launched a flight sale to scandinavia , too .
however , that was a complete lie , darling was told no such thing .
it remains unclear if the three former generals will be charged despite their release .
others countered abu-jamal is using his skin color to escape responsibility for his actions .
ba , for one , is steeling itself for two years of operating losses .
gyanendra last week denied rumors that he had played a role in that event .
he later was given nine months ' jail time for violating his probation terms .
a truck suspected of carrying illegal wood was caught on the road into town .
it 's a wine that reached its height of popularity in the 1700 's .
he has now learnt that respect counts for nothing when souls are at stake .
" then , you say , ' they 're the people that stopped it .
" it 's really a problem that the dividend is going to be cut .
revenue rose 9 percent to $ 14.6 billion from $ 13.42 billion last year .
the olympic torch has arrived in buenos aires after a flight from san francisco .
the prosecution argued the indictments were still valid and the trial should go on .
the corrections department " is still going through the thousands of public comments received .
there was no choice , resistance could have meant the end of the group .
three courses about £ 15 ( 00 27 21 425 3385 , hildebrand.co.za ) .
my mother had already died without ever seeing him again , " she said .
at one point he was known as the " sheriff of wall street . "
with kids on board , leisurely , meditative trips become chaotic , emotional ordeals .
after decades of international sanctions and wars under saddam hussein movie-going went into decline .
the peace agreement should happen and can happen by the end of this year .
" definitely it 's created a serious level of fear for the first time .
even more than his players , he looks like he 's running on fumes .
all the major republican candidates except rudolph w. giuliani campaigned in south carolina today .
tuesday night 's debate showed just how far obama has come in this campaign .
on monday , she was photographed wearing a new , modish jacket from primark .
college students are getting a raw deal , a recent new york report asserted .
they will have 1,000 bikes on hand as well as hybrid buses for visitors .
" the decorations cost thousands and our electricity bill rocketed over the christmas period .
and the law does not provide for a surcharge to cover high fuel costs .
but it will be up to the pentagon to decide whether to release hamdan .
in new york city , tree climbing has become a full-time occupation for some .
he has also expressed frustration over the nfl 's slow response to his nov .
you would want your manager to be the one out there looking for it .
even worse was that people now attributed these false beliefs to the cdc itself !
they also agreed on a meeting between their foreign ministers in colombo next month .
periodic hearings are guaranteed by law and his next one is set for 2011 .
moreover , grassroots union activism in several swing states helped mr obama to victory .
" after that people would still come to the house looking for her mother .
some kids hear you , but i am not sure they listen to you .
that includes purging of titular mps dropped into ' safe ' seats from outside .
and the kids love it as they always get little treats from the stallholders !
nancy giles and ben stein offer two differing opinion on comprehensive health care reform .
the forthcoming album also showcases some songs from his upcoming musical " moonshadow . "
we are waiting for the equipment to remove the debris , " he said .
" the other day they came down the street , starting ( trouble ) .
i wonder if arun ever has to go and sit on the naughty step ?
i now hope to be one of the eight seeds , " she said .
the clippers planned on brand and davis to lead them back to the playoffs .
she thought you got into big trouble if you tried to mix the two .
in the 1950s , howard hughes purchased 25,000 acres for 25 cents per acre .
houston , april 20 / prnewswire-firstcall / -- carrizo oil & gas , inc .
( corrects apnewsalert that said he wanted to accommodate jury with sick relative ) .
he said pointed to the possibility of new technologies like smart antennas and femtocells .
an aftershock in the same area measuring 6.1 was reported about 20 minutes later .
police say the 27-year-old charlotte resident placed the call at 5 : 40 a.m.
but the specifics matter less than the cable screamers and radio-talk hosts might suppose .
the power dynamic between speaker , interpreter and listener presents another set of challenges .
the station showed scenes from the elder al-hakim 's life while playing somber music .
and it 's an industry that isn 't necessarily concerned about your next vacation .
controversy dogs german anatomist dr gunther von hagens like a swarm of recalcitrant bees .
rutgers did not score during the final 4 minutes 14 seconds of the half .
van hoy had also volunteered to teach at a texas prison that fall semester .
i told myself the two dead officers made the choice and other choices too .
" this is a tragedy for those concerned and they have my heartfelt sympathy .
these surveys are great grist to the journalistic mill but how accurate are they ?
let it be a lesson for other poachers , " she said this week .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 08.00 gmt on thursday 26 november 2009 .
he was lying on his back , propped awkwardly against the hot saharan rocks .
i have said i think hillary doesn 't want to talk about raising taxes .
wilmington , n.c. : what happened to twitter the most incredible modern innovation imaginable ?
she recently produced the music for the last station , which featured helen mirren .
but the predominantly tamil neighborhood of wellawatte did not share in any victory celebrations .
was that something you expected or was it something you hoped and prayed for ?
i don 't expect all of you to be out in the streets marching .
supermarket asda has recalled 60,000 dvd players amid fears of a dangerous design fault .
i don 't understand why you don 't believe this is my house . "
keep your judgment to yourself , or i will start criticizing your parenting skills .
among them are what appear to be three fossilised insect eggs inside the skull .
overall violence is down dramatically , although attacks continue and insurgents have threatened voters .
still , searchers continued to comb the waters off the san diego county coast .
he also serves as the associate conductor and chorus master of the l.a. opera .
officers had said mr and mrs heard emigrated together to spain in early 2006 .
zardari , though he wants the judges reinstated , is not quite as enthusiastic .
hedgehog , an epithet popular during the second world war seems particularly apt now .
but some residents have said there is " no demand " for the housing .
within three months she had been entered for her first scottish six days trial .
the house fellowships are supposed to yield contacts and experience for permanent jobs later .
it was found during a routine house clearance by j.p.humbert auctioneers , from northamptonshire .
there are unconfirmed reports that bangladeshi forces have held two more indian rebel leaders .
more than half of them favored huckabee and barely one in 10 favored romney .
analysts expect profit of $ 1.77 per share on revenue of $ 39.04 billion .
most commentators say it is too early to tell whether quantitative easing is working .
there are , however , some obvious pitfalls , as in any nascent market .
albarn and rowntree said then they had decided to " bury the hatchet . "
right now , the mayor and council members are limited to two four-year terms .
a lot of the audience likes to argue about movies and also about politics .
since " independence day " he 's virtually become synonymous with big summer fun .
call us terrible stick-in-the-muds , but did you listen to david cameron 's speech ?
david beckham wanted wealth and fame and , boy , did he find it .
the model projected that the united states would tie for second with 26 medals .
he added that mr. cramer is a proponent of long-term investing and thorough research .
rjsm partners invests in special situations and early stage companies positioned for strong growth .
the military said it also found the body of a rebel in the area .
about 6,600 workers outside the united states won 't be affected by the furloughs .
the cypriot-flagged monchegorsk is now anchored off the port of limassol under tight security .
her only loss in six months was against marion bartoli in the wimbledon semifinals .
later wednesday across the atlantic , investors will digest crucial earnings news from alcoa .
the cause was cancer , his wife , the former marjorie martin , said .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 12.50 gmt on sunday 28 february 2010 .
a healthy society , smith believed , requires trust , so that bankers lend .
beckham played just behind the strikers in milan 's 3-0 win over atalanta yesterday .
bell " had everything in the world to live for , " testagrossa added .
if it is an outsider , though , they will want the works upfront .
americans who are suffering under the current insurance industry must make their voices heard .
this season 's nba all-star game will be staged february 17 at new orleans .
in one case , a cell phone signal caused a ventilator to shut off .
they are out of here. shame really , but not really a surprise .
the prices do not include a guernsey 's auction house premium of 22 percent .
the use of british territory for illegal state abduction and detention is unacceptable . "
two more lawyers were added to the list , but karadzic rejected all five .
this is the first time a copy has been sold at a public auction .
some rebels voiced concern that bassolet might not have enough international clout to succeed .
the eleven men and 15 women were charged with unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct .
hangar number 2 has the mini-sub from the bond film for your eyes only .
at the time of the attack he was wearing dark-coloured jeans and a jacket .
just resolve to make better choices right away and don 't beat yourself up .
one of them is the pulitzer prize-winning new york times journalist , barry bearak .
no fire injuries were reported , but the house suffered $ 175,000 in damage .
but he is a lock-down defender who will harass michigan state 's hobbled backcourt .
the case eventually went to the supreme court , which upheld haywood 's claim .
half a century ago , 2,000 film labs processed kodachrome in the united states .
williams said he hopes with the lawsuit gone , johnson will release county funds .
but now many banks hit them with fees as soon as purchases are made .
analysts said the competition report could spark fresh speculation about the future of itv .
" i said , ' didn 't you see furniture in there ? ' "
not until sarah was diagnosed with autism at 29 months did she get treatment .
what can i do to better protect myself and my family and all others ?
foxnews.com 's judson berger and fox news ' jake gibson contributed to this report .
his cancer previously had been in remission for about two years , wolf said .
the time-ball predates the city 's one o ' clock gun by nine years .
until recently , san francisco 's japantown had been suffering from a lingering neglect .
what if cleveland 's carl pavano beats the punchless yankees in the home opener ?
there are no national figures on the number of deaths due to domestic violence .
we 'll leave the jfk conspiracy theories to oliver stone and the history channel .
he said : " i said , look this is going on too long .
but as you note president bush having said , it is worth a try .
he was swimming with his dad , one of his favorite things to do .
prototyping it and showing it at an automotive show wouldn 't be that expensive .
increased federal dollars will probably also be part of the equation , ogden said .
the whole business of drugs would be simplified if we were to legalize marijuana .
as of tuesday morning , the station fire had burned more than 120,000 acres .
about 800 attacks took place in baghdad during ramadan in 2006 , he said .
( may i suggest stephen petronio and the " rocky horror show " ? )
the decision came after consultation with the crown prosecution service , a spokeswoman added .
the team announced the decision to fire kiffin on tuesday after weeks of speculation .
since the beginning of this year i 've been playing and i felt tired .
subs used : j pelter , w lipp , n hart , b mitchell .
both exports and imports declined by a smaller amount than most economists had predicted .
" we don 't know what training these individual security guards have been given .
she taught me about breathing in through my nose and exhaling in my chest .
cnn.com also invited pakistan president pervez musharraf to submit a piece giving his perspective .
she applies thick glossy paint , usually with her hands instead of a brush .
dinner guests famously receive a generous bag filled with products made by ofii members .
so there is an incentive to drag back runaways , such as mr saito .
quarterly sales dropped 6.5 percent to 1.95 trillion yen ( $ 18.6 billion ) .
" we expect this won 't clear up until friday , " orlandela said .
when those jobs are complete , projects also helps with ongoing maintenance and upkeep .
dirty words , embarrassing stains and much more talk about sex than actual sex .
this article was published on guardian.co.uk at 14.29 gmt on wednesday 18 november 2009 .
' we 've never gone in for fancy french furniture and golf club memberships .
under current law , treatment programs can be ordered as a condition of probation .
under his leadership , jpmorgan chase & co. avoided the subprime dunking competitors suffered .
the issue went to the high court and a stop work order was granted .
the aircraft slammed into a cemetery about 500 feet short of the butte airport .
by inspiring people , you make the path to change all the more easier .
it 's been a while since the nba had this kind of good fortune .
" he has to go through the whole concussion protocol , " neuheisel said .
how deep is the liverpool crisis and will manager rafael benítez restore their fortunes ?
first deputy prime minister igor shuvalov is due to visit the carmaker on thursday .
another round of checks is scheduled to be conducted between january and may 2010 .
unlike mickelson , many of the world 's other top-ranked players struggled on friday .
